I feel like the root cause of the problem are the blue people with hoses living on my veins https://twitter.com/draseemmalhotra/status/857077136573779971 … 
I feel like questioning everyone just like Eve did on Barber Shop. 
|| I know, I do apologize a lot.. it's just that sometimes I feel like I may be letting people down. But you're right. It is really ~ 
My opinion on cod WW2 is it has nothing new to offer I feel and this point both cod and bf need to reinvent themselves 
I feel so shit omds 
u already know how I feel about this 
I feel like crap 
My vision is blurry.  I feel tears on my face.  I just spent time with my dad.  My mother doesn't care. 
That's my point. Lol. I feel like she does very little for very much. 
I feel really honored when someone takes the time to block me 
the same:) You are't my friend but i feel that you are with me everyday. Thank you for being and everything. Hope you will visit Poland 
I'm just saying, if you believe that all feelings are valid, stop fucking invalidating what I feel and telling me that it's pointless. 
Last week of classespic.twitter.com/vuBIwZzXiP 
I have some aloe Vera for that only if I can rub it in though haha how you sore oh know I did that on a sunbed so I feel for yer m8 
Delaware's finest laughing at the murder of an officer. I feel bad for your child, growing up with a detriment as a "father" @PoeVanGoghpic.twitter.com/5ICDsninZC 
I feel like she was purposely extra to illicit a certain response. The response being "I'm sorry, I'm wrong," etc & it backfired on her. 
It sucks sharing a phone w Kody cause when I'm on lunch at work all i feel like doing is calling him. 
Imagine how I feel about Black Sails but if I was 19 and it got cancelled before the field of dreams. That's Farscape 2 me. 
It's always hard to tell with Cleveland, but I feel like Trubisky would be the way they go. Local, developmental guy they can ease in 
Do have a Robin on my porch with twigs in her beak more babies coming I feel. The Doves babies did not make it.... http://fb.me/5sNQkLiqv  
I feel bad that my reaction when he said "I'm going to a place that has a stellar academic reputation" was "Well, Kentucky's off the board." 
I feel like I encounter more bitter, hurting males than females on twitter tbh 
no i feel horrible nO 
"No, I meant.. You have Allie.. My brother has Death.. I'm still lonely.. And I feel like I'm doing everything wrong.." 
I feel you! I have a friend that I collect Star Wars items for because she's obsessed and I find the coolest things. Hobby can be expensive! 
I feel like a preteen again pic.twitter.com/VY1mEeiVsH 
Between you guys and @testedcom - I feel the need to create more things. 
Agree, I feel like the font and the slant on it make it look very "I Did This In Microsoft Word" and not professional 
If I feel like I have to chase you you can count me out I'll let the other girls have it I'll just fallback and wait my turn 
I just got my eyebrows done for the first time in my entire life and I feel like a new person 
I got a 98% in chem lab, I just want the world to know how blessed tf up I feel 
I'm in so much emotional pain I don't even know what to do with myself. I feel like I can't do enough things at once right now. 
I feel shitty but I also feel like I got the juice. This is new to me. 
I feel it pic.twitter.com/FCsX2bg1Ub 
Why the hell do i feel so judged? 
i feel like furries participate in some extreme extra ass version of petplay so i can't say shit.. lol.. 
That's exactly how I feel about Portia #Empirehttps://twitter.com/tarhondajay/status/857409729194205184 … 
I feel like harry would be a cuddler in bed! #harrythoughts 
there's nothing holding me back is awesome I don't have words to describe what I feel 
It is. And I feel I was unfair to just dump that all on you. We don't really know each other. I'm sorry 
I feel like a remix is overdue... Haha you hear that new Levi & wifisfuneral 
I feel so upset I could cry , what is so bad about me that everyone wants to avoid me? I don't know what I've done so wrong to people...... 
I feel like there's not one fucked up situation I haven't been in.. 
JessBarelli #PremiosMTVMIAW #MTVHITINTLADYGAGA 
How I feel about AP bootcamp https://twitter.com/girlsoniy/status/856703396862201858 … 
Day one of #intuitiveeating went really well. I feel happy and healthy. -J 
How do you think I feel immediately remembering what to look the fuck up 
I Feel, レモンスカッシュ感覚　僕の中で稲妻　一生求む感覚　そう　例えばラブ　例えばポップ　第六感でときめいて　レモンスカッシュ感覚　僕の中でフラッシュバック　一生消えぬ感覚　ふりむいた君の輝き【レモンスカッシュ感覚／Base Ball Bear】 
I feel like eyeliner should be added to this https://twitter.com/niftyvibe/status/857429603324973056 … 
I feel like he thinks I don't appreciate him but I do very much, I get worried when he's offline for a long time 
still listening, her voice is so beautiful. i feel relaxed. 
I feel like I'm slowly suffocating 
I feel like it's been too long for me to care about KH3. The last KH I played was Dream Drop and I couldn't finish it 
This is how I feel about that issue. But seriously I really hope that doesn't happen again. pic.twitter.com/joiEfO8jvR 
bAngtan tWEETED AND I DIDNT GET THE NOTIFICATION I FEEL SO BETRAYED 
I feel it's MUCH HIGHER! Failing POTUS refuses to be wrong (despite always being so). More like 50/50. Same as Buffalo winning championship! 
I follow a lot of NHL beat writers and while they are all very good at what they do, I feel fortunate we have @Russostrib . BEST IN THE BIZ! 
I think this is the worst nicotine craving I have ever had fool. I feel like i'm going through withdrawals. 
huhuhu i feel you. Walastek. 
I need to start promoting my blog on Twitter more often. I feel like it would reach more ppl on here.. #YoursTruly Link in bio pic.twitter.com/1xFTxRQ4Tk 
I know that Dak, "I feel like I could take on the empire by myself" Dak Prescott is a different pilot who flys X wings 
I was up till 6am this morning writing a paper... I feel it bro . 
Yeah, I was concerned about the same thing. I feel like it's romanticising suicide. 
And I know I've got you holdin' On to words that I can't say And everything you feel for me Just know I feel the same 
I feel like I got a good price, if you didn't have the coupon I would have probably ordere... http://www.shopperapproved.com/customer-review/boldrugs.com/30788856 …pic.twitter.com/9j8b0ii7Nt 
I feel this https://twitter.com/jennatarson/status/856659278932971520 … 
I just say how I feel 
Lol i feel like if we live together imma need my own room, my own walk in closet and bathroom 
i feel like my friends never hit me up but always hit other people up 
you don't know how I feel when I keep looking for you these past days 8") 
lol I feel like I don't treat my hair great at all and want a clean slate even if I gotta be ugly for awhile 
This video from years ago is how I feel tonight about this League client. https://www.twitch.tv/videos/50151637  
@AndreasHansen15 i feel like we have been there top maney times 
I feel pity for you! 
yeah it's wild, i dont know much about new york but I feel a majority of people have lifestyles/jobs that allow them to be out that late 
I feel lik eatn sumthn creamy  Mmmnh yummy sum1 buy me pliz 
i feel like people who are rich will tell people 
i feel like dying and i still have 4 hours to go, please kill me 
Hey girl are you a desk set from Ikea because I can't proqounce your name and I feel stupid about that. 
you know how I feel 
Sto mettendo a posto la camera ed ho trovato giornalini con poster di Zac Efron, Jonas Brothers (????), Robert Pattinson   I feel so old 
I feel like I'm permanently in financial shit 
Did my first HIIT session on a resistance bike and I feel SO SICK 
What is this word, spa? I feel like you're starting to a say a word and you're not finishing it. Are you trying to say spaghetti? 
haha i feel u girl 
Current mood:    What I feel like today with the sunlight peeking through the clouds.  #sunlight… https://www.instagram.com/p/BTYzeUGAgfH/  
I feel like I should reconstruct my bio. Remember when it said "I will eat your pussy"? 
I feel like going out 
well uhmmm what kind of shorts are we talking about. If short shorts then...oh gad no...i feel like naked down there walking in those. 
I feel loved @martyrdefiled. Arrived just in time for me to use it to destroy the weekend! #MDMAFIApic.twitter.com/ZxANzeRtPN 
Real meat not pasturised product. Sadly still an issue I feel. Great interview. https://twitter.com/lewstringer/status/857568920156467203 … 
Men will never stop it. I feel women need to recognize the battles worth fighting. You don't stand on the roadside to pee cos men do it https://twitter.com/KofoLagos/status/857579634241744896 … 
That Summer Jam lineup is HOT GAHHHHHBAGE. I feel bad for anyone who spends $ on that. 
I feel like WF has to hire him for all the times that he stuck up for WF only to have it blow up in his face. 
I feel so cold when the temperature outside is probably 40C or something 
I wake up missing you. I kept myself busy, but i thought of you. I took a walk, i feel your presence. Im missing you way too much 
I feel like I haven't slept in 4 days 
how could i let it go why do i feel 
Thank u for playing my music thank u for singing my song thank u for sparing a moment cause with u I feel I really belong KISSES 4DaysTill18 
I feel myself getting sick 
If you don't mind me quoting Trump: Too much winning! You may even get tired of winning.  Now I feel dirty. 
Nigga you must not know I feel tried by you even saying that 
How i feel today  http://fb.me/72LBOYvRQ  
I feel like I've had a runny nose since like fucking November 
I wish I gave a shit about how I feel right now as opposed to just worrying about work 
wtf i just realized that i'm going to be 16 next week haha i feel old :) 
I feel like I just finessed a test????? 
i feel it would have already happened tbh 
¿How you feel today?  I feel very happy!!! 
The good news: I feel a lot better at the moment The bad news: I am so fucking stoned & sleepy. I'm off to bed for Nap #1 of the day 
I want to be excited, but I feel like this is a very mean joke.  https://twitter.com/espnpr/status/857606086169382912 … 
I feel that. 
I feel so sad how lonely I'm atm 
i wished i feel awful again but i love having mental 
i feel you 
So my name is pronounced Rye-oh, not Ree-oh But if you call me the wrong thing I will almost never correct you because I feel bad lol. 
I feel like I just played myself in the same manner as one would say a baldhead is played 
I feel completely empty. 
I feel so lonely and fucking in pieces ok. 
I feel like winter didn't happen this year 
my stomach literally hurts so bad. i feel like im gonna die. 
Uni stresses me out so much that I feel like having a 2007 Britney moment and shaving off my hair 
I feel shamed. 
I feel like a classic college student now 
I mean if you let what's popular dictate what you listen to then I feel bad for you. 
man right when i feel like im making some progress something gets in the way and i feel like punishing myself and starting over 
The reason I am so meticulously picky is because I feel as a human man w/e; I should be able to pinpoint my needs. 
@TeenMom_OG the more I watch this the more I feel for Tyler he has to deal with everyone else problems and I never see him vent his 
I feel like sometimes we can't help but want to love something because we adore that person, or maybe some of them really this era. 
I feel like I'm the only one that actually likes the new fall out boy and Paramore songs 
I feel like crud today 
ElliottSerrano #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
PULL UP ON YO BLOCK ALL EYEZ ON ME HOE I FEEL LIKE PAC 
that's how I feel, almost at the finish line though 
718Shaun #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
I feel like broken implies that it's had such an effect that it's detracted from who you are, which it absolutely doesn't 
I MUST CONFESS THAT I FEEL LIKE A MONSTER 
I feel so bad for not posting any finished art so im happy i can show zine pieces 
Basically what I feel about it. Spot on. 
yummy yummy yum I feel like chicken tonight  Fantastic snacks 
do they read it? I feel like so much gaming criticism/content/lols are on youtube or reddit or gaming sites 
Sorry, but as a long time fan, I feel like I should be honest. I get that times change but... meh. #falloutboy 
and like I feel like I've read every single one that fit what I want 
I am very very happy because specialy I feel someone.....??????? 
Thanks to @HunkyGayJesus for following me.I feel I've been baptized in the spirit of the lord. It's saltier than I thought it would be. 
Why is everyone so deeply unhappy. I feel responsible for everyone. 
I feel like I'm flying or going fast :3 
" And when you're gone, I feel incomplete " 
I feel like I'm important when I tweet from a computer lmao 
I never be flexin on my goal$. I feel so sad. 
I feel safe to Tweet something like that given how I'm pretty sure everyone knows that I'm hardly pro-GG. 
I feel this with my soul. Still working on the title. 
It's so hot, I feel like I'm melting. But, I'm making Spaghetti for dinner. So, I win. 
Sometimes I feel like quitting I still might why do I put up with this why do I still fight this just isn't right I'll be up all night 
Hmmmm at this point Kevin. He would talk a lot of shit about how hard he was playing William. Plus, I feel like being a returnee helps him. 
I caught the lil security dude in the library staring at me & now i feel so paranoid bc i hateeeeeee being watched 
I don't know how I feel about you being my Space Stepdad. 
And has the same vibes and good taste when it comes to his own personal style, i feel. And maybe throws a photo of me in his wallet.#life 
god damn I feel amazing 
Literally slept for 11 hours and I feel like heaven 
i feel like someone follow botting me 
Well now I feel old. https://twitter.com/nintendeal/status/857719904979501056 … 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/qFLhGq0060w?a  The Weeknd - I Feel It Coming ft. Daft Punk 
I always see them at the store but I feel like I would just eat all them like candy 
I'm honestly thinking of doing some video stuff on The Caligula Effect. I feel like SOMEBODY needs to talk about this game! 
Well u know I'd love to play this idol game but the notes desync through each song so it's kind of impossible rip. Why r u so bad phone???? 
I reduced my cable bill by $20 and I feel like I'm debt free. 
The country: I feel so relaxed and peaceful after that long weekend.  Theresa May: pic.twitter.com/lSpvcUXeMY 
@DeliaaCrawford tbh I feel like you had something along these lines  https://twitter.com/justjamiie/status/854195036581502976 … 
Someone send me something funny I feel like shit 
I feel like its Friday before the start of college football season. I have stuff due at 4, and I'm checking women's groups on facebook for 
and i feel comfortable with him. he's one of the main people who changed me  awww :'))) 
PREACH. Lettin folks know every damn day. Damn I feel good now. pic.twitter.com/1JeUBAx4wH 
い「I feel you T TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT」 
I feel attacked https://twitter.com/whylarryisreal/status/854366897365819392 … 
I feel like this whole thing is a lie. Something to distract us from what's really going on. Bc if it was real they wlda caught him that day 
i feel soooo sick like idk what is going onnnnnn 
I feel u dog 
I take my dog everywhere with me cause I feel really bad leaving him behind. Lmao 
@milesdheizer has been in everything I've watched today. I feel stalked... or like a stalker... fan? Wait what? 
I'm not a Scorpio but I feel this too much 
I feel sad like every five mins 
sometimes I feel like I want to be someone's friend more than they want to be mine. 
I feel like highschool is holding alot shit together... relationships , friendships all that bullshit  just being honest 
I feel lucky that my career so far has included books for adults... #GregvanEekhout #citationshttps://openquotes.github.io/authors/greg-van-eekhout-quotes/#91c8ce77 … 
I thought I'd never see you again, I feel so ridiculous... I'm so sorry. 
yeah, i sorta agree with that. i feel like my name really goes well with how i look. it's weirs. /shakes my head, chuckling. i'm glad + 
and I can't decide which one I feel like working on 
I feel like this NCAA Tourney yells "Hey we are all blue collar ugly cities that very few people wanna visit" minus SD, Portland, maybe FTW https://twitter.com/marchmadness/status/854380766200987649 … 
Over and over again i feel like crap 
LMAO THE FIRST ONE IS SO ME. I feel attacked https://twitter.com/sadmulatto/status/854105728037961728 … 
i feel the anger lol 
3 cups of coffee in me on 3 hours of sleep and period exhaustion, I feel like I'm gonna clip into the ground in a T pose vibrating intensely 
Watching episode 7 of #BigLittleLies & I feel stupid for just now realizing that they're all dressed as Audrey Hepburn in the opening titles 
Sometimes I feel like 2 people, and I know exactly why. 
i can't stop shaking but i feel great 
Yes, I feel the same way, I absolutely hate the confederation cup, it doesn't mean anything, Brasil always win then it craps out in the WC 
it balances out bc i feel the same way about kendrick lamar 
I feel sick. 
I'm the biggest hoe out of my friends group and idk how I feel about it https://twitter.com/sammygrayce/status/854427001930878976 … 
Pluviophile, you! I feel you. 
I feel like I'm living in some backwards sci-fi movie where you see the end first...this is beyond disturbing... https://twitter.com/JasperAvi/status/854375055370985472 … 
I feel kinda bad for the other speakers. Plus I will learn stuff for our big talk the next night. pic.twitter.com/p4E0r6bM8a 
Is a porcupine a good omen in anyone's culture? Apparently the spikes are medicinal...? I feel it's somehow a sign... 
I feel terrible asf 
the way I feel right now...... 
I actually went to the hotel gym. I feel guilty having a bottle of tequila in my room. The gym helps offset. 
right I feel bad for her 
I feel like Ethan is so fucking insecure and believes that everyone chooses Grayson over him and I just wanna hug him and never let him go 
I feel like the typo is gonna make it not blow up smh 
I feel myself gettin sick I think. Idk. I need a blunt and somebody to take care of me if I get sick 
i feel like im more excited for em and halle's pictures with connor then they are 
Nobody Knows What I Feel Inside 
#piggyboom I stole 1,992,600 from Aubrey Turkall. I feel no guilt with that amount of coins. Do you want to try? https://piggyboom.aladinfun.com/piggyboom/fansLink.html …pic.twitter.com/uzbu0vW5NW 
#Newsnight Paul Mason and Emily Thornbury.......I feel sorry for sensible labour members and voters. 
@dmesser183 your profile pic I feel like iv seen this person from somewhere but I can't remember? 
I feel like I’ve driven over that 
I feel it 
mate I feel ya you need to get out of the house and live a little SPA DAYYY with ur bff 
i feel like no one accidentally sends things to the wrong person more than i do 
is it okay if i ask for advice? i've always loved to dance but just recently started doing competitive dance classes, so i feel like i lack+ 
I feel empty 
I regret eating cause I feel sick yet again! 
i feel like i should be a couples therapist 
Ouch.  I feel so bad for laughing 
I feel their pain  working there was a chore http://fb.me/8Sv4pN2U4  
why do i feel like *** hates me 
Swear to god seriously think me and @TheGabbieShow are the same, that girl feels how I feel, says things I say... this is too relatable 
I feel like this is workplace harassment. 
I feel like this whole school year is just begging me to jump off a bridge 
bulls 2 up on celtics, how should i feel about this 
"I feel like one of those guys in the posters." GREAT line.  @TheAmericansFX @FXNetworks #TheAmericans 
i feel like some shots were just thrown my way  @ me tho 
That is one blushing nun I feel like she is contemplating sin 
I feel attacked https://twitter.com/sadmulatto/status/854158888903483392 … 
I feel sorry for a moron like you. https://twitter.com/Ltle_Marie/status/854530283118317568 … 
All of y'all act the exact same! I feel like I don't even fit in. Y'all Just be justifying each other's childish fake behaviors like it cool 
woooh, I feel for you . I'd cry 
this is whack u know how i feel about mace 
Driving trucks is not that hard but a lifted one omg I feel so tiny driving a big monster 
i just finished reading note to self from start to finish and long story short im WEEPING i feel every human emotion possible 
I feel cringey  The fuck- 
Finished 13 Reasons Why and I feel like there is something missing. I still feel like I don't understand Hannah. 
i think i feel kind of like a decade 
I feel like this should be everywhere https://twitter.com/hiiarlous/status/854171099021684737 … 
I feel her. Cause women trash. And i know what I want but these women lacking 
i dont mind it its just that my goal is 120 agil and i feel obligated to wear the entire wc outfit instead of boots xdd 
I feel like I have to download a bunch of shit off wifi so I can take advantage of my unlimited data 
I feel like I am the only person ever to like the yellow starburst the most 
I feel the need for a Hemingway summer, and I don't even like his writing style. #hemmingwaybutbetter #france #spain 
I feel you pic.twitter.com/6GgcRS8f9w 
In 2013 Election, You gave electricity but now as to taught ppl how to use electricity! i feel like i am living in era of #Firaoun! #shame! 
I feel like friends been overrated...  https://open.spotify.com/track/7Lb4aeK6E6QjNBIxxHQGek … 
I feel so sexy today.. Come touch my botak head if you see me... 
i feel like killing something why am i not homeschooled 
I feel like I'm reinventing myself with all new makeup, wardrobe, career path, hair and lungs. I think I unlocked the next level of adulting 
Imagine Sean and I feel like a fiend on a black background and doesn't know how to use: 
Im no good at comforting people but to see people around my losing their beloved person kinda breaks my heart and i feel helpless 
I feel so sorry for u 
Having to wear a dress to work today.. I'm not sure how I feel about this 
I ate takoyaki and I feel like vomiting cos I'm so full wtf is this 
It's so hilarious it's almost charming. I feel guilty for going after him. If his English is this bad, they're surely paying him less. 
i feel like shit 
I feel bad for all the ppl that do any drugs besides weed 
U know Matti, from #CaptainPlanet Sometimes I feel like I'm him. All the others got the cool powers... Ok. 
I feel so bad. Bukan warga Jakarta sih. Tapi sedih banget 
I feel bad for whoever breaks my heart my brother won't like you 
That too........ all of a sudden i feel I wanna be arrested...... ;) 
No matter what happens I will never let anything change how i feel about you.  KISSES TheUltimateItGirl 
@Camila_Cabello I feel your single coming 
haha i feel sorry for myself too! i too cant wait to see that stupid DP 0%. i think our ppl need to be educated more 
once again great work, I love watching your videos, even tho I feel like I watch them twice because I take time to get everything you said 
Dang, i feel you, it always happends to me :( 
I feel like straight trash 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/qFLhGq0060w?a  The Weeknd - I Feel It Coming ft. Daft Punk 
"Sum tymez I FEEL LIKE a SuperHero-!!!" #5150 https://twitter.com/MusicNo1000/status/843764031160705024 … 
not really sure how I feel about paramores new track  https://youtu.be/AEB6ibtdPZc  
Hi @donnypangilinan , Why do I feel so alone? 
I feel all my emotions so deeply and wholeheartedly... 
I feel like crap 
I feel popular wen they bash me coz if i ain't they won't waste time sendg me dm''s hahahahahaha thanks. I'm liking the attention u give 
They are barring some Christians and their descendants who GAVE them the Holy Land from entry. I feel a Crusade coming on. 
I feel like side piece knew he had a girlfriend already  https://twitter.com/gloupelite/status/854330781635936256 … 
And for some reason I feel like he's the type of nigga that wouldn't fuck with Trump lol 
Another original by me...I feel like I put a little Xtra emotion into this one... http://fb.me/66Bl1dV13  
" I can barely look at you  Don't tell me who you lost it to Didn't we say we had a deal? Didn't I say how bad I feel?" 
I feel that b/c of technology connectedness we are over saturated w/ awareness. Every little thing has a ribbon/day/march etc. desensitized 
I feel like the singles have been hugely successful.  It's just a weird time in music thanks to Ed Sheeran clogging up the charts. 
i feel so empty 
I feel the love  pic.twitter.com/6PSRBJvfaz 
I feel like people are assuming these picks get added to the current team in a vacuum. There's going to be a lot of movement. 
lol me toooo  seeing beautiful man killing pigs is indeed a good relief yap i feel that by myself too n if there's eating dep, 
tbh I feel like some people use Religion/God just as an excuse to hate someone 
I really don't see that happening, but I feel like we should praise Chicago coach more than blame Stevens . Bulls just been outplaying em 
I feel bad for the family and friends that have been linked to these people. Beyond that, not much else to sympathize over. 
Yes, even though i feel theres no wrong to his plain-spokenness, i think he should restrict it to matters of importance https://twitter.com/hafsahabubakar_/status/854712649841508353 … 
I feel alone whenever I'm not with you. 
I feel like adulthood is just coming to terms that your always going to be tired 
I feel the same way. I would've hit her in like 2010 tho. She was fine to me for like a year. https://twitter.com/Hibachi_Ray/status/854720578984583170 … 
I will humbly say that I feel sexiest when I am cooking pancakes! Everyone has their element, and when I'm flipping flapjacks, I'm in mine! 
This is how I feel about @KisaraVera she makes me feel some kind of way but I'm 30% sure she is a man which means I'm probably 30% gay 
I feel genuinely sorry for Johans,my eyes have started to tear up 
I feel like with Ewan McGregor, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, and Carrie Coon, Fargo is officially mocking me for not watching it. 
sometimes i feel like i wish i lived in the past where people don't get things instantly and treasure the effort and things more deeply 
And it's not something I feel comfortable with either. Hope I'm not alone! 
That's exactly how I feel 
How come I never get this ideas! I feel dumb! http://fb.me/3z6xjF2bQ  
People need to lay off my weight. If I feel confident af, which I do, then stop telling me "im to skinny" 
i feel blessed pic.twitter.com/7SCzGX9Rer 
"I can't tell you how I feel, but I do." 
When people who have steady income complain about how poor they are I feel I should show them I've googled "how to be an escort". 
I feel so lucky... 
For fuck sake why do I feel ill 
I feel fat right now ate to much breakfast 
And people think I feel nothing, which is obviously a lie ....I'm just not a happy person & it's okay if that scares you,stay away 
I feel sick as a mf 
i feel gross im not wearing socks 
IDK LMAOOO I FEEL LIKE I COULD POSSIBLY BUT TOO MANY NAMES HAVE CROSSED MY MIND 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/l6Mho29ZHvQ?a  Spada - Test - Pilot - No 2 - I - Feel - Like - its - Christmas 
Two years ago today @funhomemusical opened on Bway. There are no words to describe the love I feel for that show and for all my fun homies. pic.twitter.com/Ned3J89hxv 
I feel like this image somehow describes what my thoughts look like. @ Jade & Clover https://www.instagram.com/p/BTE8mC2h3XS/  
I feel so rich I haven't worked in 4 months so I'm a happy camper 
Not gonna lie I love seeing updates about got7 on my tl but even I feel uncomfortable. Cant imagine being followed 24/7 
If you're having gym problems I feel bad for son I got 99 problems but a bench ain't one! 
No matter how prepared I feel for scheduling, something ALWAYS goes wrong 
i think i feel myself getting sick.  Dont 
I feel you, been having a lot of those conversations lately, most of them don't seem to go anywhere 
I feel ya buddy  https://www.instagram.com/p/BTFDTnYFZsA/  
i like shawn mendes & his music but i don't listen that often but i feel like this new song is gonna be on repeat for days 
I mean that's how I feel I know people that's still blessed that don't go 
i know i feel ya aaaaaaah 
I feel the opposite. I think Lucas messed up in making everyone too young in the prequels OR not putting enough time between ep. 3 and 4 
Lmao so you know how I feel 
Slowly I feel like I'm getting there with my own work. At least the good work part. Don't know about the important work.... yet https://twitter.com/heidivoltmer/status/854781474809106432 … 
Minha tl tá cheia de Winner, I FEEL BLESSED. 
@ShawnMendes #HoldinMeBackAtMidnight IF I WILL EVER WRITE A SONG ITS CALLED INVISIBLE BECAUSE THAT'S HOW I FEEL 
"I'm curious what's inside your head, I feel like want to open it up and take a peek inside" 
The end of this pregnancy is killing me, I feel like garbage. https://www.instagram.com/p/BTFMaWgDxXSvFCzF4b14DUx3fOh8bqhQ28VTX00/ … 
I feel a bit iffy 
i feel so Down help 
I feel so offended by whoever thought I was 15 
started my workout at 3:45: and ended at 4:17. literally killed it. I feel so accomplished right now. 
Today is one of those days i feel like a complete piece of shit 
I feel that Hauschild is throwing BP at this point. #Rangers 
i feel like tatu was what helped me figure out sexuality a bit more??? And tatu was also my childhood lol 
I can't wait to get in the bed I feel like shit 
Y do u treat me the way u do? You destroyed me once again I seem like I can never make u happy anymore I feel like I only piss u off 
STOP COMMENTING ON HER PAGE IM SCREAMING I feel secondhand embarrassment 
i feel like being alienated and being miserable all the time are how i'm supposed to atone for being a mistake you know? 
oh nooo what is you doin??? I feel like you dissed on my mama's famous chocolate cheesecake swirl!!! 
Now you've encountered 2 Maggie's. I feel like a run of them are coming. 
Sometimes I feel like my "dance" is more of a boogie than a waltz, but who's isn't? pic.twitter.com/MlByBposp4 
I feel sick at the thought Me 
I feel the way it was dropped at the end of the ch was for comic relief. I hope the rest of the talk doesn't turn into more virgin jokes 
I'm cleaning my room so I feel better 
i feel you man 
I feel to get surgery instead kmt 
Vex and Vax siblingship is so awesome. I feel like if my brother and I were a pair of half-elven merc partners, we'd be like them. 
I feel really guilty leaving my puppy home alone 
I feel so embarrassed if i fail tomorrow 
I feel like I'm a driving instructor when I'm in Chino's passenger seat 
Don't ask me how I feel about something and expect me to lie 
Sometimes I feel like Leighton Flowers has to be a parody account. 
Idk why but I feel like Ciara been pregnant for a long time 
Bc I've always just completely blocked them out of my life pero like 2 still chat with me so I feel indifferent 
I feel like when life gives me lemons I just give them back because I hate holding stuff. 
Looooool I feel alright I just wanna sleeeeeep 
gab_casagrande #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
Technically you help the person most likely to survive first. But yeah, I feel sorry for Varner and hope he's learned from the experience. 
When this happens I feel like @SteveMartinToGo when the new phone books arrive #somebodyhttps://twitter.com/LisaMychols/status/855209425904250880 … 
I feel so dumb every time I do tho 
SUDDENLY I FEEL ALIVE AGAIN https://twitter.com/officialjaden/status/855187022763483136 … 
I feel like the DJ is my bodyguard, you see the way he keeps me safe with the treble and bass. 
that's exactly how I feel every Fucking time I take them out after I nap after work 
Is Mani doing her blog this week? Did she do one last week.  I feel like we've only gotten 2 so far 
I feel nauseous 
i always look forward to seeing in school!! I love grabbing ur hand I feel like I have to show love by touching u LOL 
I feel like everything goes unnoticed 
Ohhh I'm high enough. So high I feel like I'm walking on air lmao 
Honestly I'm about to go to sleep and then wake up at like 11:45 because I feel like crap but love blackbear 
i feel so bad for laughing at this so much pic.twitter.com/VNZF8tkpZf 
If there was a Starbucks closer to my school I feel like all of my problems would be alleviated 
when i delete messages, i feel like deleting evidence 
But it's like nobody considers how I feel 
Ima always smile regardless of how low n sad I feel. 
I FEEL SO BAD FOR LAUGJINF FXIK 
Not sure if I feel like crap, or if I've been eating like crap. 
My friends are the greatest. If you ain't friends w them I feel bad for ya 
i feel bad for girls who don't have a solid group of friends bc i have no idea what i'd do without mine 
Sometimes I feel like ion need you 
I'm Scorpio tho but I feel understand taureans pretty well 
I feel like my world was just shattered.....im done. 
I feel like it's much that ain't understood fully but I understand somewhere. 
I feel bad if it is a big bug 
I sense you, I feel you and I see you in colours which don't yet exist.  #amwritingpic.twitter.com/R6vJEU03wi 
I feel like twitter if just boys arguing about sports and girls posting ab what they want in a man 
I feel like I never don't eat the whole pint 
[ i feel like . im a bad portrayal of yoongi but i can't let go of him 
Interviewer: what do you see yourself doing in 3 years? me: idk i dont have 20/20 vision  I feel like this is what caused it 
My head killing me n I feel like I'm bout to pass out!. 
I have been dealing with it and I just can't anymore I feel dead inside 
zack_marino #VideoLove Lady Gaga . 
I feel like forest whitaker's left eye 
Ooooo I feel it, press her 
i feel fucking great lmfao fuck weed tbhhh 
I've got work now but I feel so sick 
I feel like I'm dying 
My anxiety levels are sky fuckin high. But then I feel so calm at the same time 
i feel guilty and disappointed with myself despite knowing that i shouldnt be 
You should be able to do it!  Because right now, I feel that I can!  Trust that feeling and go! 
Naw naw i feel what you mean man. 
I hope you are right. I feel so depressed about the future for my eight year old daughter. 
I feel you man from what I heard Nova will be cancelled by issue 7 anyway so it wasn't going to last 
This is how I feel about college. pic.twitter.com/r6AAxFvM7F 
I'm excited but I feel a little anxious 
I feel like as a girl you can be confident as hell but still at the end of the day some reassurance that someone cares would be nice. 
I feel this so much 
Are you living with a backseat driver? I feel your pain... http://dld.bz/fBvJa  #travelblogger #familytravel #cars @casdontoysukpic.twitter.com/kn7fCeP7EB 
wemong #VideoLove Lady Gaga RT RT 
You'll never understand what i feel now. 
I feel relieved and happy for everyone handing in their diss but then it hits me I have to go through all that next year 
I reached the point of not being able to work as I feel that the internet is not safe or secure... 
NO I FEEL THE SAME OMG........ I've been setting alarms to get up and do stuff every hour or so but omfg no I feel u.. 
Fuck I feel like I'm gonna lose it any second and no one is doing anything wrong. 
Tired but happy. Knowing that what I did was for the upcoming big event nxt week, I feel that the stress by my workload is nothing hehe 
Real Madrid?  I feel the same way too!!! https://twitter.com/SamiOjigbo/status/855385586085105664 … 
i feel dead 
((I feel your pain)) 
#MyExAndWhysMarchMadness   ~  #KCAPinoyStar #LizaSoberano  And I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe 
Tempted to tag the person this is about, maybe just because they should know the way I feel. https://twitter.com/lachiebruh/status/855399402269163521 … 
Yeshhh he shud be alive ... I guess I feel that  ashwin and Vanda is now teamed up against Maya 
I feel like we now know who was Hydra all along. https://twitter.com/NickiColey/status/855192572507107328 … 
My internet sim expired almost 10 hours ago and I feel like dying.  I hope 3 months prepaid is still available in STC. 
#unicornfrappuccino #starbucks #starbucksUNICORN 
I feel like you can never go wrong w/ AC/DC 
Wow. I feel like absolute shit 
I feel like we don't talk about how good Freddie Gibbs is as a rapper #onhere nearly as much as we should 
I have literally tried my best to stay away from reading any news on it Cuz that's exactly how I feel. 
I feel that 
next week gonna be gooooood also i'm trading in 1,2 Switch for Bomberman R, i feel good about this decision pic.twitter.com/VGcFEb1Ju3 
@TamannaInamdar nam just say hi to me. I feel good. 
i feel really good today and this is RARE how about u noona!!!!! 
Commuting must be good for the brain i feel so good whenever i go out lmao 
I feel sick and I refuse to take ANOTHER day off just bc my stomach decided to be a prick. 
I feel as long you did your part man you'll be rewarded because you took the time to help someone through painful circumstances. 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/7sh3P9l6g2E?a  FNAF- MONSTER HOW SHOULD I FEEL 
though I feel bad 
Nah mines water, but I feel u lol 
i feel tires already, i. 
me: i feel horrible, i want to die, i probably got a 3 pic.twitter.com/rMVHXlQKJ9 
I feel like going to work for at least 4..5 hours just to make my 40 hours 
I feel like a panda 
nag goodnight naba kayo ni crush? 
the excitement i feel is not small 
when ppl tweet about how nasty water is & how they don't drink water etc. i cringe in disgust every time .i feel sorry for your body boo boo 
I FEEL SO FREE WHEN YOU ARE WITH ME BABY 
3 eps into 13 reasons why and I'm not sure how I feel about it.. 
Not going to lie, I feel like I HAD to tweet about it because of all the drama this week with the insta bots. 
i feel like i'm having a marijuana hangover 
I feel like a millionaire. 
i feel the same way about the ross & rachel thing that i do with you and peyton, both of you are right & both of you are wrong 
So young and already fucked up. I feel bad for em 
I feel terriby bad for Novak. He played well and deserved to win. He had to  actually 
Never made bez laugh so hard!! I feel pretty accomplished... 
Another great workout. I feel better ️ 
also with games coming thick and fast he'll be involved majorly I feel 
Reggie McKenzie on Derek Carr contract ext "I feel good about it. Both sides want to get it done... I'm looking forward to getting it done." 
its crazy how thats the constant theme on the album and how much i feel the same for a while.. 
i feel just the same https://twitter.com/yulheeists/status/855486648456499200 … 
I feel like digging tweets tonight 
I feel like when Scott gets to Coachella before Mitch he's gonna be texting him every five seconds asking where he is 
@ZacharyLevi Alright. You're here. I feel better. #sorry 
OH MY GODDDD i feel like hes like this in every scene 
I feel the same way Ctfu 
Serena needs to dump her coach if/when she comes back. I feel like he barely doing shit nowadays. https://twitter.com/noelleharmony/status/855445904937103360 … 
I feel attacked 
i feel attacked https://twitter.com/lanarrose/status/854488794246111233 … 
I love chewing gum but then I feel like my jaw stiffens the more I chew. Should I stop chewing gum for now? 
I feel you pal. I barely have enough self-esteem to consider posting selfies of any kind, not to mention cute ones. 
Basically how I feel 
I sent my friend a Yoongi meme and she loves it, I feel appreciated 
I feel personally attacked  https://twitter.com/king_toocoldd/status/851242131998072833 … 
I feel good after the gym 
god i feel so happy for no reson !!! 
Lady at drive thru: "i feel like your dog has more clothes than I do" Me: "she does have her own space of clothes hanging in the closet" 
I Feel Like A Fucking Cripple 
this girl is ranting and crying and her friends legit don't care dkjdjs i feel bad 
Fuck this. I feel my anxiety creeping in and I'm trying to calm myself down so I don't get a panic attack. 
I feel you are not any more interested in chat with me !!!! 
I feel so out of it today.. 
Coincidentally how I feel whenever u quote my twts 
I feel like a worthless piece of shit but it's fine :-) 
Besides the head ache, I feel 100% relieved https://twitter.com/_its_taylor__/status/855542419500040192 … 
I miss Christian Borle's hair. I feel like the plants are misaligned. 
THANKS FOR ALL UR GOOD VIBES I FEEL A LOT BETTER!!!! 
Ikr !! I actually have a family with you guys and I feel so connected 
I would have signed up for that class to speak truth in it. I feel pretty confident I would NOT be the teacher's pet. 
"I feel a disturbance in the force". #MayTheForceBeWithUsAll 
I'm okay I feel better today 
I feel like this is a public service announcement. Seriously. Gross.… https://www.instagram.com/p/BTKo1Pwh-dn/  
Plz just stop raping us. I feel like we're not actually asking for much. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/mark-giannini-rape-case-lawyer-steve-farese-says-women-are-good-at-lying/ … 
hair slowly getting styled... I feel my fan energy peaking 
didn't even know Sriracha ramen was a thing until tonight and I feel so blessed. wow 
brandon: "dm me hollsss" me: *dms brandon* brandon: *doesnt respond* wow thanks b i feel the love  pic.twitter.com/ouKlNxlrqc 
I feel super sick 
I feel that, sometimes I don't put enough description in I get impatient and wanna get straight to the point, it takes time 
I'm so happy my bff is coming back with me from Cali, like I feel so complete now. 
Went to ma bed at half 9 to get a good sleep for the races and I feel magic! 
o boy I feel u 
You make me so happy don't be stressed i feel bad 
I feel like there's a part of me missing 
I feel like I'm failing. 
And now your song is on repeat And I'm dancin' on to your heartbeat And when you're gone, I feel incomplete So if you want the truth— 
This the only picture that explains how I feel right now pic.twitter.com/a8Wunxaci2 
Fifth hour and counting, I feel you. 
@ShadyJay_ i love u & i feel like we connect on another level sometimes 
omg   i feel u there   why do contacts and glasses and eye care in general have to be so expensive heckk 
Just watched the new Pretty Little Liars episode - I feel like it's dragging soooo much 
Some days I feel like I've run out strong enough words to express my constant state of outrage, fury + revulsion. This is one of those days. 
Just a taste to take away my thoughts and how I feel 
_Ana_Isabel #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
I feel you bro 
I feel sick wtf 
I feel like there’d be a lot of ranting about anecdotal proof contradicting quota cuts. 
i hate myself i hate using wrong pronouns  i feel so shitty now 
Love this car.  We've a 2013 model.  I feel an upgrade may be needed #drool #mewanthttps://twitter.com/Mazda_UK/status/855690395208081409 … 
First training on monday  and i feel damn nervous omg 
I feel slightly unwell... 
I feel so empty now Im gonna cry 
I feel bad about how much i want some attention. 
this is the first time you interact with my tweet and not insulting me i feel blessed thanks alex 
My body is hurting in ways I didn't know it could and I feel like crying 99% of the time but I'd do anything to see you again 
I feel good after studying for my exam. I hope I score an A. When I study for the exams I ironically want to study more about the herbs. 
I feel bad for the ones who have and will cross me. You'll be losing a valuable asset to your life 
i feel nervous everytime there's a notification from kim jonghyun 
Slept for about 15 hours and now I feel like I got hit by a bus. 
Idk I feel super woke today 
cara, como tô apaixonada e viciada na música do the weeknd - i feel it coming 
Tell me about it, I need to stop. I feel like I still have the other ones in the boxes they were shipped IN LOL 
I feel im in Sports Sch 
I feel my anger problems coming and I'm trynna prevent shit from being real 
I feel the match will be pretty physical today. Spurs know they can win the league by injuring a Chelsea player today 
Girl  I feel you! No one wants to let me live though  https://twitter.com/manda_panduhhhh/status/855787418036973568 … 
The only problem with the meds is that it makes me sick a bit before I feel better. 
#lastrt WTH? I feel so attacked!!  When he unzipped his freaking shirt 
kelsey has one flaw: She calls bread co, panera and idk how i feel 
im so sorry for my tweet, i didn't mean to hate him. im seriously excited tbh, i feel bad. sorry 
it feels so weird tho like, i feel like i'm burning my social security card by not having even a puppet facebook acct. i cant wait for it to 
Lls I feel u. I feel he 4th tbh but everyone not gon see things the same way so I can respect it 
I am holed up charging my phone and trying to feel human again but a bunch of dang NYU teens just joined me here and I feel terribly old. 
"I feel it coming babe.." yeah i know i feel CC1 is coming too 
we're on the same page :(( i feel you https://twitter.com/SOClALLYAWKWARD/status/855822599875567616 … 
I feel happy when I see other people happy. Love is such a strong emotion. 
no puedo escuchar i feel it coming por culpa de skam, el descontrol se apodera de mi 
i hate the feeling of hating myself i feel so ugly and worthless sometimes 
i feel like travelling through the ocean of my mind 
32 hours of no sleep and 6 nips in and I feel like a new man 
I'll be 25 in exactly a month ...May22   But I feel like I'm 19 ..health wise 
theres this awful body horror pig monster in the boar tag and i read the artist's desc this morning and i feel so gross 
I feel so tired even though i did nothing today. 
fahad_fmfm #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
I love those ppl who's cheering me up i feel the love 
Understand me when I say I HATE allergy season. I feel like I can't step outside without dying 
i feel so accomplished when i put my dad onto music 
I'm not that insulted but I feel super mad that they're using the ye olde "your experience is invalid" tactic 
I feel like PS1 Hagrid. pic.twitter.com/XgGyNbgcOQ 
The like, sheer panic that I feel when I think of all the creative things I want to do and how little time I have for them is fun 
I feel surrounded by problematic children 
How I feel when I walk through Barnes and Noble - thereader:Originally posted by fadedmapdots https://tmblr.co/ZkWZMt2Kv5u94  
I hate when I feel like I wasted my time on some bullshit 
i feel you're so special, in my life and in my soul :) 
Craving a friendly, blue sky game for PS4. I feel like people don't make "nice" games any more. 
I feel 
I feel it's a very British thing so you can be excused 
and now I feel fat and lazy... 
me as a kid: TREAT ME LIKE AN ADULT me as an adult: please think of me as a helpless child bc that is how i feel 
I feel like nobody really cares about me, that's the problem. I'm living with the fear that the people who I love will hurt me. 
Or perhaps, unlike you, I feel the need to make counter-cultural decisions and go against the crowd. 
but i will be active if dan and phil tweet or if i feel like it, if you need me my dm notifications are always on (except gc's) 
i feel so horrible and anxious and sad right now zaaaaaaaaaa pic.twitter.com/CGJ8bXMzgH 
right?? I feel like it is 
I feel this 
Drawing a skull because that's how i feel. 
@DoveCameron I feel I know you though that is why were talking right now. 
god i feel so bad for faux woke teens. hope y'all get your heads out of the shitter before it's too late 
i took a like a 15 min nap  I feel so tired today ion know y 
djjsjs why would I feel offended but thanks :)))) <3 
things i feel i should say more often:  i love jooheon 
Would be really nice to introduce a girlfriend to my parents, I think I'm ready  I feel old AF right now too! 
my mom is my biggest support, I feel like I'm dying rn 
I feel so bad when I think how far he is from me... but thank God for FaceTime. 
Sometimes I feel like: "I probably Shouldn't say That" Sometimes I'm like: "What the Hell, let's see what will happen" 
This playlist is the literal definition of what i feel for taehyung i cant https://twitter.com/hyungheadass/status/855717910228152321 … 
Im glad P1 ended up winning but I feel awful for Altec, he played really well and looks crushed 
I absolutely cannot sleep if I feel too warm, but it's not warm enough to crack out the fan. I am very conflicted and very grumpy. 
Me:mom imma kill myself Mom:Do it in the bathroom it's easier to clean up   Well i feel loved 
I feel so bad.  #ThankYouEva 
I am so sick i feel horrible.... 
What I say: Haha sorry I was so busy today, just read your message now!  What I mean: I read this five hours ago and I feel depressed. 
I feel rlly happy for people whose goals fit within companies and specific jobs and paved destinations. really I do. “must be nice” -juicy j 
Pantera's I'm Broken is playing on Headbangers Ball  & I feel like Beavis & Butt head in that episode where they can't get the TV any louder 
I feel like I've got a new favorite song from this album daily. pic.twitter.com/mwv1ILdhPI 
I feel like Ariana is sex crazed. 
Sake with @KARAlex88 I feel like a Samurai 
Damn i feel old now lol 
I dont know what should i feel 
I'm so tipsy , I feel like I'm about to be in my feelings 
So nervous I feel like I'm gonna puke  #SJSharks #Anxiety @SanJoseSharks @SharksBlackCatpic.twitter.com/5gkyjCsk1s 
i listened to three full kanye albums today i feel very good 
JonesApproved #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
i feel u 
Why do I feel this way? 
if I can, and If I feel they are https://twitter.com/IhtishamSays/status/841137281310298112 … 
I feel the same way. I love you https://twitter.com/blondielee7/status/855981014132203520 … 
i feel like im going to throw up 
I feel like I'm always the one who's getting lied to 
Valeria is drinking w.out me, I feel so betrayed rn like my heart just broke 
I watch @Nikki_Glamour videos so much that I feel like i'm starting to act MORE like her  Help, it's gonna be a world full of Nikki's 
Lol I feel you girl https://twitter.com/sophiassegment/status/855270144783798272 … 
Just the way I feel #truth #bathroomselfie https://www.instagram.com/p/BTNtdAcAnCM/  
Whenever I feel ugly I stalk Alaina's Facebook bc she has some fried ass pics of me on there from freshman and sophomore  year and I 
I feel like Justin would swerve the fuck out of me if we ever met & the crazy part is I'd probably be the most calm bitch there 
Didn't hit the gym once though since we're in the field. I feel disgusting 
I feel so vindicated right now, like SEE SEE THERE IS A METHOD TO MY LAZINESS 
just say you feel the way that i feel 
I feel like the world's gonna collapse on me. Ang hirap tumanda huhu! 
The other day I walked into a door in front of a new student orientation and I feel like that just explains college to them. 
i feel so drained, i don't even wanna speak much. i just wanna sleep forever. 
I just did this I feel like ally pic.twitter.com/jcYlE098Hh 
Exactly!!! I hadn't even listened yet before I saw the news. I feel blindsided and bewildered 
I feel like I'm never on Twitter anymore 
I feel you bro. Folks been wildin'. 
I feel like banana pancakes this morning 
these cramps hurt so bad I feel like imma p*** 
I feel like it's the only thing we can do! 
I feel like I'm the only Ghanaian who follows everything about moto gp 
I feel you all the time. 
I feel like a bicycle cause I am two tyred from doing nothing today 
I mean you bugged the shit of me sometimes buuuuut I feel like that was more Erika than you 
Yeah, I feel you...I always chalked it up to simple communism cause that's how they rule, there's no illusion of freedom of speech... 
Because I know this man don't like being woke up out his sleep, I feel like it's only right 
i feel so happy 
Well I hope ur day improves!  I'm not too bad today but yesterday I spent most of it crying! So i feel for you xx 
i feel bad i didn't want to add her 
I feel sorry for all the innocent people Christie put into jail so he could become governor 
You literally have no idea how FUCKINH much I feel for u 
i feel stupid right now 
After chowing down this amazing delicious Jollof (by yours truly) i feel like i can do anything now. 
i feel like this le pen girlie will win in  cause i wouldn't vote for her and others always vote for people i don't like 
@JYPETWICE uhm hello it's already 9pm i'm waiting for vlive 
I feel so belittled ): 
Sure but i feel better about my life that i don't throw up well driving enough to make a guide  on it....lifes not bad at all 
Idk why but i feel so attacked rn https://twitter.com/xvalleyy/status/855996727157035009 … 
I aaammmm uncomfortable with how disconnected I feel sans certain tech. I don't         -have- to chastise myself for it but I'm me, so. 
Check out Cream I Feel Free Karussell German Import Compilation Vinyl Record LP  http://www.ebay.com/itm/-/222485494210?roken=cUgayN&soutkn=nu2s1W … via @eBay 
EduardoNunezA #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
An accurate depiction of how I feel this morning: yikes pic.twitter.com/WSK6QKe8SR 
I feel you. Same. It's a rare moment when I'm full. :D xox 
I feel like the overall melody and pacing of the song fits Korean language structure better since that's the original it was made in but 
If yo hair dresser don't use marcels I feel bad for you..and you wasting yo money 
I love getting my nails done, I feel so clean 
I feel like a zombie. 
i feel huge 
interesting read  I feel swift protocols have the power to do/define both (protocols & behaviours) from Elixir! 
I feel like @JohnMayer wants to make a country album, but just doesn't know it. Roll it on home is more country than most modern country 
I feel like shit 
I feel like a lot of my dislike of s5 is just bc my fave is not in it... my fave isn't in s4 either really but at least there are enough > 
They really don't bro. I feel bad for em 
I feel rejected 
I can't believe I'm gonna be 19 soon I feel so old 
I feel tired, cold, empty. Even the pain is becoming numb. I'm going to try taking in sunlight... 
The hashtag  when I watched this I feel like there's sumtng in my stomachidk why hahaha 
I feel you maizan  confirm tak tenang 
The need to see live music is unreal right now. There's something about the connection I feel when I hear songs live in front of me. 
I feel like there's a PSA here somewhere 
out of body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawtyyy 
I FEEL LIKE PROM DIDNT EVEN HAPPEN 
this is a really difficult road to tread as i feel like they want to be there for anyone who is struggling & they know that mental health-- 
I feel like a made man, when I'm riding threw my city. 
I feel the distance doesn't matter anymore hey.. nkare motho a kgona go fo cheata le le mo the same city. 
Thank you! I feel nervous for some reason haha 
i feel like i'm a good person & ion deserve shit like dis but hey  life lmao 
I really like his design/aesthetic/powers and fight ability  But I feel like most people love him for being a creepy haha 
Yeah, I feel like they're actually fairly rigorous, they just generally start with flawed assumptions. 
I can't explain it but I feel it 
But no matter what I think or how I feel about what someone is or isn't doing...showing love is a must. Even if it's from a distance. 
YES @billmaher  YESSSSS. "I feel like this is the liberals version of book burning" #MAGA #Berkeleyhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EclzaQYZPRw … 
i feel weird not watching riverdale this weekend 
I feel like me and @lydiannajones are always posting snaps of our cats #crazycatladies 
i feel like they smell musty https://twitter.com/theieansquad/status/856130884537372673 … 
I feel worthless haha 
@xgabbypoole I feel exactly the same 
I feel like were both fucking stubborn but I guess it'd be me I hate fighting with ppl https://twitter.com/rainyseuIgi/status/830928249429573632 … 
But i most likely won't even need 64 gb & I feel safer with a samsung phone bc i have had 3 of their smartphones and they're pretty good.. 
get to know the REAL me ; why i feel the way i feel , why i act / react the way that i do ... i promise its a reason behind it all . 
I feel so appreciated pic.twitter.com/ERdapGrNtf 
Sorry for the long story, but this really happened. I feel it needed to be said    pic.twitter.com/JUefkYAFCk 
//posts meme that used to be funny one year ago  "haha, i feel so old" 
I LOVE UltraCruz Canine Wellness/Joint Care. I feel like a superdog & my vet says I have a beautiful coat! - Bubs pic.twitter.com/wydmZsFY8X 
I feel so numb 
I feel that ghostbusters is lovely 
Less u do the more length u retain fedup tell ppl dt. I feel that's why I cnt do YouTube I cnt b styling every min so naaa is ok 
A mistake I feel I've made is putting my guard up too high and emotions too low with men. I don't know how to be in a loving relationship 
My dog is so sweet, I feel like I don't deserve him. <3 
I feel that this weekend is the #RacetheRainGP because it's been nothing but dodging the rainy weather in both Bristol and Alabama 
I feel and look so pendeja today 
I feel like a golden peach today 
im very very sleepy and i feel nauseous 
i feel like i'm saying the same thing over and over again and i apologize if i'm being confusing 
I feel it's impossible you beginning a conversation. 
I feel so sick at the thought of school tomorrow and I'm so alone...there's no one I can even talk to about it 
I feel so loved 
-> bodyguards, am I? I feel like Oliver was or would probably be a lot worse. Just...uh, dad...not...a...certain place. *She bit her lip as> 
g i feel so refresh like free asf 
I feel. I really don't want to go to mine but if I can get Dan to come with me, then I know it's gonna be a good time. 
i have like  responsibilities that aren't Urgent so i'm not doing anything and i feel so anxious and guilty but like.   i'm tired 
Drama is literally going to be the death of me, I feel like I've been doing my homework for 50 years 
Sometimes I feel like my heart is just too big for this world 
I feel great! 
I just wanna be sexy n be a scammer , I feel like ya would  do module on that in NCAD 
I feel like a dead end 
Hughh thanks lol i feel like i ran a marathon and just got off a plane from japan  #igotthis 
The same people appeared in my dream again??!! but it's not like what i used to, i feel scared bout it 
@KENNYRAVEN I feel like I watched the match just by reading your tweets.. 
Long day of work I feel like drinking a mix drink 
good morning, i feel like death and want to go back to sleep wbu 
do what i want gets me so hype every time i hear it. i feel like it's my life anthem lol 
I miss my friends so much rn I feel like crying 
iseng-iseng buka tumblr and I found something really describe what I feel rn 
A5: I feel like cooperation and working with others is the obvious answer here... but those, to start. #ElonEdhttps://twitter.com/coreywillingham/status/856314058437521408 … 
I wanna go, I feel left out....but I'll just play on my phone the entire time and want to bounce early. 
lol I feel you but only 4! & likes don't hype me fr, I get hyped from hearing verbal complements 
I haven't eaten in over 24 hours but I feel like if I eat I'll puke and I have no desire to eat 
no matter what is said to me or how shitty i feel, i will do whatever it takes to make the other person happy 
After dinner I declared I was done eating for the day. Now I feel like I could eat an entire pizza. 
Wow I feel old https://twitter.com/espn/status/856315844351209472 … 
I'm not sure how I feel about Pens vs. Caps again. Fuck. 
I feel I'm a lot more at peace 
I feel like a failure 
I feel so lucky to have something that makes saying goodbye so unbelievably hard 
I feel like throwing up 
I feel like I've been distant with people  I'm trying to keep up with things but everything is just pilling on and on 
All this NOLA food has been lovely but a nigga need a vegetable! Shit an apple will do! My God I feel like shit pic.twitter.com/j6RmWLUtMF 
Me, I don't have any hate energy inside me anymore. Because I learn last month ago lets my hate go. I feel great now.Always be kind everyone 
Amen. God is having fun with their karma right now. He won't stop until they call uncle. They'll never learn. I feel sorry for them. 
jiwoo is gonna be an ult i feel it 
Dude I don't even have a ring around my finger and I feel obligated to him like he's my husband 
I feel like they can't ALL be telling us the truth 
Sometimes I feel like the @redbull commercials were under appreciated 
I feel like I'm going crazy in this fucking shoe box 
I hate looking people in the eye sometimes. I feel so awkward 
I feel like I get more done and actually learn idk 
If I feel a sense of purpose behind trying hard everyday to get rich, that feeling means I will never get rich, the struggle is my pleasure. 
Ooow owww that mysterious kitty  ashshl smh gump is a she but her name is a he. I feel sorry for them both  they're only kids 
Whenever I feel down my bf goes "Kari wanna look through my phone?" "Kari wanna put makeup on me?" "Kari wanna take my jacket home?" 
i feel guilty missing classes now especially since finals coming up 
i feel like tweaking a lil bit 
Not when they're getting shit on at every conceivable chance. I feel more anger & hurt than good over that. 
yooooo I've never been so disappointed  smh yo all that talk hyping urself up! I feel so played lmfaoo 
Should I feel bad for laughing or no https://twitter.com/sethsromans/status/856376928160415745 … 
I feel stupid 
I feel very accomplished these past few days. Gonna keep it up tomorrow! 
I feel like I'm Not making any progress with my life right now. I feel stagnent. I need a change... I think I might be ready to make one 
I love online school it's 1 AM and I feel like being productive and I can 
if I tell you how I feel it's something about you 
I rmr when I was in hs and I wasn't allowed to use my phone after 10 pm sometimes I feel like that should still be a thing 
Why do I feel this way 
I feel like there's a large overlap in personality traits between cooks and gravediggers 
Dear kanda dan kak daryo, i feel so happy for your wedding... You make me more believe that… (w/ Iind's) [pic] — https://path.com/p/452B8D  
Gotta lovely combination going on right now.. allergies & anxiety.. I feel like I can't breathe 
I feel personally attacked https://twitter.com/chraaastopher/status/856351525781651457 … 
I feel obligated 
I feel u https://twitter.com/notyoursistar/status/856250896602337281 … 
Full #JO's speech at MagalirMattum, I feel she is not point out any1 deliberately, bt abt impact of films on youth https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KYQ8lBi-uM … 
mrcyro_ #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
Heh Beyonce anakaa ni kama amekua anakula kila kitu  atleast I feel I'm not so alone 
So first of all you guys didn't show respect to Logan's Ex Mackenzie and now Mica, WOW I feel so ashamed and so disgusted by that "Respect" 
Should I feel pride or shame for being seen in the college printing off 100 photos of my housemates face photoshopped onto rod stewart 
BUT I FEEL BAD WHEN SUWA DECIDED NOT TO COMFORT NAHO WHILE SHE IS ON A FIGHT WITH KAKERU.  BEST MAN <3 
I feel attacked & abused. 
It's pathetic how insecure these sad little white men are. I feel sorry for them, must be hard to feel so intimidated by women all the time. 
i feel so numb, even my tears wont flow 
"I feel like people outside of mainstage treat us like children"  "I mean youre not wrong" 
miguelluiz12 #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
i know its sad but its how I feel! 
If I feel like I have to schedule an appointment to even talk to you, it's not meant to be . 
I feel like part of adulthood is learning the hard way which clothes can and cannot be tumble-dried. 
True! It is fucking sad to be honest, some people care about others' opinions more than their own, I feel bad for them. 
@AhkiDaGR8 yo what's w hoiberg's rotations? i feel he got outcoached 
rn I feel 66% flamboyant and 97% flamboyant. This train is formed of 11 coaches. 
Whenever I feel unaccomplished at work, I remember someone had the idea to bring Daewoo as a brand to the US. 
I feel like for the movie CASHING IN @rihanna should long to settle down and @Lupita_Nyongo should start her own sugar daddy business 
Honestly, whoever who give me a bear as a gift or anything, i feel definitely place it on my bed and also sleep with it. 
"I Feel Sick And I Have An In-class Essay Due Today" pic.twitter.com/BDi0g4ThqE 
Maybe I don't cry, but it hurts. Maybe I won't say, but I feel. Maybe I don't show, but I care. 
My body is so weak rn, i feel like how frodo looks 
ooo i feel that. i like both versions 
Lord I'm just a speck in this big ole world/U chose me to love I feel it in my heart and w all the beautiful things ur doing in my life U 
i had such a good shift today i feel so happy. 
I feel like YOU SHOULD FRICKING MAKE RARE WEEK. https://twitter.com/MSP_world/status/856490082974486528 … 
I feel so close to going up eh but I'll try lol https://twitter.com/abstraknate/status/856522919903670272 … 
I feel like most people who know their strain and don't get it from a dispencery don't actually know the strain and arr prob guessing. 
Ight mother nature at this point I feel like I have it more together than you #RenoWeather 
This is how I feel taking a shower after a long weekend of partying pic.twitter.com/jgLO1MnhOU 
i feel like bfs have the nearest expiration date and im least likely to see them after slam dunk so...... theyre my current most likely tbh 
I realized a lot of things today. Thank you for everything Lord. I feel much better now 
I feel sick 
"I feel like there's something she wants." 
gn bby i finished goblin i feel empty 
I feel like an ASD diagnosis on paper basically has no benefit *for me* other than "it's official"--no add. treatment I need, so. 
Those leftist SOBs are out to get Fox News Bill now Sean. I feel they are trying to make it Maybe Fair an Half Balanced F..ing HATERS 
Lol I feel you tho 
mynameisjohnny #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
Ugh I just love snapchat streaks.....I feel like I'm like a middle schooler when it comes to them but they're my fav 
aye I feel you though pic.twitter.com/uHzCSppB2q 
Okay I feel like this Kendrick album is way overhype's 
When i make sexual jokes everyone, including me, laughs but when others make sexual jokes i feel super uncomfortable and i want to disappear 
Some things are hard but life is so genuinely good that I feel like the most blessed girl on earth 
I feel the need for that poster with the cat captioned "I hate Mondays" 
just realized that dead day and finals are next week and I feel betrayed 
Oh... hey Dree. Damn you are just that dumb. I feel sorry for you now. https://www.pscp.tv/w/a8zf7DFKUkttUnFiZ0xMalB8MXlwS2RyRFdybHlKV28qM_Rmw-TJlgBNAGp0QHEFdm0IZlB5Ii2rUJHDDcos … 
sometimes i feel like an immigrant in my own life 
this i what i feel like when people mis me but i have no one to miss me https://twitter.com/iIovepoetry/status/850111018122530816 … 
Haven't worn makeup since Easter Sunday. I feel like a foot. 
..me too! With an irrational feverishness! All is well again..& I found you on IG so it was a meant to be I feel 
A flex competition to look good for a couple hours, and broke after. I feel you. https://twitter.com/dontemacc/status/856519468536651776 … 
One week off the gym and I feel weak as fuck 
i feel fucked but in a good way pic.twitter.com/VHIRHviYey 
I look like shit and I feel like shit 
I feel so unwell 
This is how i feel, i feel beije, i wrote this song for u, but are… https://www.instagram.com/p/BTR4MMYlRs0UbV3dO5eWZ21EkJOPdoQYTftPuA0/ … 
I feel so proud of myself for being so productive this morning BUT there's still so much more to do. #neverends 
I agree. I feel he will. 
I feel it 
This is how I feel on a regular basis ..... The good bad guy http://pinterest.com/pin/361343570092236748/ … 
The more I deeply connect with the divine, the less I feel the need to label it or define it. 
"What you been up to?"  "Chillin bruh"  "I feel it"  -typical straight guy conversation 
Thanks for pointing that out... now I feel like I know even less.  ;) https://twitter.com/awintory/status/856417751350484992 … 
Side note, as much as I am not a fan of his booking, I feel bad for Roman who is coming off of the passing of his brother Rosey. 
I feel so sorry for that PNE player that made a good save on the rebound shot....with his hands 
i feel honoured that you dont wanna lose this woah https://twitter.com/chimspabo/status/856606534817775618 … 
i feel weird about commenting on people's bodies but i also feel like we should all appreciate each other and send love all around? idk man pic.twitter.com/7lhpa6VSXD 
I feel personally let down by Maneet off #LineofDuty 
@YeoshinLourdes I feel like you'd appreciate this 
I need it to stop being gorgeous outside bc then I feel like an even bigger lazy piece of shit when I take an afternoon nap 
‘I feel used up’: Carrier workers aren’t happy about losing jobs after Trump’s ‘deal’ http://www.rawstory.com/2017/04/i-feel-used-up-carrier-workers-arent-happy-about-losing-jobs-after-trumps-deal/ … 
grey aliens have been reappearing in my life lately and i feel personally attacked 
I feel a psychiatrist would be very beneficial for you 
Thank you, Kieran. Everything you just said is how I feel about you, too! Looking forward to this summer! 
i feel bad not bc people attack us but bc everyones just dumb? i lose braincells everyday,i wouldve left already if it wasnt for my mutuals 
They're playing "Good Grief" in downstein and I feel like this is more a reflection on me than on downstein 
laura's insta story is so long i feel blessed 
I feel el r e g r e t del café a media tarde ahora. 
If you on twitter and you don't know this by now - I feel bad for you son 
I feel this, At my job this guy gave me a tip and it's a bottle of homemade wine, my eyes lit up let me tell you 
I feel like if I close my eyes I gone miss something .. I don't like this feeling .. I wanna sleep 
I feel like I should pay to work here. 
i feel this should also include vines that involve someone saying the n slur like why are people so self unaware 
@ksanders100 why do I feel like you would appreciate this bc you're obsessed with ketchup 
i feel like i stepped on a lego, life hurts so much without seeing you twice a week :( @GraceHagl 
i feel like drawing rei in my high waisted shortest short shorts but i dont think im in a good place drawing-wise so. fic, maybe 
I feel like everybody play games 
Ths isn't u, gotta get rid of da blue I feel it u runnin no1 else eva knew, trapped in a loop hate 2say I dnt know wat 2do., dk1Luv 
I feel like Comicbook was assuming that was the cliffhanger. I didn't actually read Wendy confirming that. That article was a lot of spec. 
i've gone mad with ordering svt mercy before but NEVER have i paid over $25 fot shipping for anything this hurt my soul and i feel empty now 
I feel the pain,Ifelt empty. My mind tell me its going to be okay,yes everything is okay. i can fake smile but my heart say its hurt im hurt 
//XD i feel so bad i called him a girl >.< SRY "hehe good to know~ so whats next cutie~?" She asks as her nipples where starting to get hard 
It's 8:10 am here and I feel the same way 
I feel so happy rn:,) 
i feel like this is my whole career this whole summer 
I feel you on this friend https://twitter.com/_shayclemons/status/856665718896701440 … 
i cant believe we were this sweet. we really were in love i feel butterflies in my stomach @pngbaekpic.twitter.com/Q6Dr3Ki8DZ 
when i get on a run of tweeting like this.... i feel like i am rambling.... i know im rambling 
I feel like everyone has had a bad experience with dragonberry 
Idk, I feel like they should release SOMETHING for learning purposes. I'm sure they would want to birth more 3D animators 
i now know the misery of missing people  & i feel it so well 
I feel fit :-) Today I took 11698 steps, burned 2837 calories, and travelled 3.75 kilometers. #diet #fb #lifelog #Fitbit #IFTTT (Weight 107… 
i feel like i’m bigger than working a regular job 
I feel your pain. Our defence no better 
Hards lineup is good but I feel disappointed bc I liked their April Fools lineup better 
Yeah! It's a mess this dogs hair is so thick! I feel bad cause I had to leave her in the bathroom and take a test but she needs a 2nd bath 
1:07 am thought: sometimes I feel worried that the accent that I use for fun will remain forever and I will never get my old voice back 
Thanks for the three noodles and one chicken piece in my soup, @panerabread. I feel like @melissamccarthy in Ghostbusters with the wantons 
I feel that critics love the music and cinematography of DC. The thing is Marvel is still fun, and they are making a different product. They 
For a fact but I feel that should make ppl respect Bron even more.Someone like Kd guaranteed to go to the ECF but avoid it cause Lebron https://twitter.com/get_off_my_nick/status/856922742448410624 … 
Ace has a girlfriend named Lily and I don't know how I feel about it. He's too young  #puppylove 
Always when I'm listening to Kai Alce's music I feel like I'm approaching the Third Haven. 
Reeducating the resistant. "How I Feel As a Native Woman When Trump Idolizes Andrew Jackson and has called him a... http://fb.me/3zlSVaBWf  
That was a rough translation. ^^; Whew. Anyway. That's how I feel about Atalanta! 
I feel Dr B R Ambedkar was really a Towering Personality not just for India..but for the Entire World.. More Education & Research needed.. 
As I get closer to mid 30, I am not sure how I feel about this. I still do ideas good. https://twitter.com/adweak/status/856935472198631424 … 
Gij zijt zo die ene kind van hem die enkel en alleen maar een teleurstelling is (ben ik ook, i feel ya) 
I found videos of me from 2011 omg I feel so bad for me 
i feel so shitty rn because of her God 
I feel you I would just think it'd be easier to do your thing with so much help, but I see where you're coming from 
is tired an emotion? because I feel it 
As your wife I feel like you're required to bring me w you 
In the middle of a hard workout or scary lift, when I feel myself dwelling on the discomfort… https://www.instagram.com/p/BTUdxzXlh1e/  
I feel like shit 
I feel so dead I wouldn't be surprised if there was nothing in the place of my heart cuz do I feel anything? nope 
Oh dear i hate soggy shin bones i feel your pain 
I feel so helpless 
I hate girls that showsoff there body idk I feel that they are cheap af. 
i'm scared to go on duolingo or memrise i haven't used them in a couple days and i feel like they will yell at me 
I'm not , hubby is so I feel a great deal of kinship to , God willing this will pass sooner than later, the people/spirit STILL great 
I feel their smiles on meeeeee 
I feel it 
This is the first time I feel truly blessed for being a part of that team. 
i feel like my head is about to explode 
I feel like I've led Ellie astray. Oops, my bad 
and i feel like people just automatically judge krystal based on her expressions but it's clear that she just doesn't give a fuck anymore. 
dude i feel like shit lol idk how im standing 
I am stressed out for running out of it, I got Some pills from a friend but idk I dont want to ask again bcz idk I feel like an addict then 
I feel bad for whoever has to go and approve all these emotes rn @Twitch 
I WANT TO GO BUT I FEEL LIKE IT WILL SELL OUT FAST https://twitter.com/doddleoddle/status/856985473864138752 … 
Sometimes I feel like I go on these pointless rants but then I think oh no wait someone actually made me go on these rants... 
Hmm i feel like ? someone somewhere would wanna support for Me onlyfans/patreon/both 
I know dogs are dogs and chickens are chickens but if I give a piece of my chicken leg to my dog I feel like I'm making her a cannibal 
That's honestly the number one reason I feel like I can't go back to Texas lol 
Lol please recover from your fear with an extra large slice of cake.. Now I feel to get some more from downstairs 
i feel like my idea isnt THAT crazy.. i mean niggas is wearing dresses now.. i think im good right?? 
@BlueoftheNight Im going to look after my father for a week. I never get out to gigs. I feel like I know what's going on tho'  thanx to you! 
Fuck i feel like it worsened it 
dkmagabriella_ #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
Idk how I feel about Jeter being part of another franchise. ESPECIALLY the marlins https://twitter.com/SportsCenter/status/856994963309166592 … 
Well now I feel dumb lmao 
I feel like going to bed 
I feel so sick bro, all I want to do is cuddle up in my grandma bed 
I feel so free 
Great, now I feel like a kid and really want a Nintendo Switch. But BUT great review @nateog https://twitter.com/nateog/status/857018225631969280 … 
@madison_paiget @abardsley2 why do I feel like that's bardsley 
I feel like I haven't been on twitter in a while. Been busy wth baseball and school! Hoping to have something fun up within next week!! 
I feel sorry for your supporters. It's not their fault they are gullible and to believe this garbage. It's your fault you lie to them. Lies! 
sometimes I feel a bit iffy about my indulgence in commissions but I'm supporting artists so I think it's okay 
I feel like it can only get worse, so why check 
Sometimes I feel like a celebrity 
Oh man, that's the worst :( I've been in that situation a lot, as well, I feel like 
subsides another rises. I feel vomit in my gut pinching at my throat. There's no relief. No one is coming to save me. 
i feel so empty inside 
I feel like I need to see this bag! #BibChat 
I feel this so bad 
I feel like I was just born yesterday. 
I feel so ripped off by my last keyboard purchase. No DDOS key anywhere. https://twitter.com/engadget/status/856959969450766340 … 
#ImNoLongerScaredOf the NSA being a myth. Now that I actually know the truth I feel a lot better pic.twitter.com/7QWZ7in122 
Girl I feel the pain 
Blessed is how I feel at this moment 
I feel like the reserve teams I was in for a while, other people would join and would be newer and they'd get promoted before me oK LOL 
I'm officially done taking shit from people. I fight for what I feel is right and I don't care what others think. I have a mind of my own. 
I can't even describe how I feel right now 
Teacher: hghhukkddffssdfhjvddthvxfyhgffghbcfghjvfftnbhjjmnngfdzxcnjj!(67()!;;):$ Teacher: I feel like I'm going too fast tonight, I'm sorry. 
I feel look So cute people crying >< but it is not really cry! just mind cry? >< 
At this point I feel bad for Russell Westbrook. He has NO HELP AT ALL!! It's only so much harder you can do. 
I feel like I'm going to explode... Keeping it all in. 
people keep blocking me i feel honored n loved 
Awe I feel missed :-) 
I feel the love omg! 
i feel bad now, time to throw up pic.twitter.com/iridgxUl8j 
without you, i feel broke like im half of a whole 
Is it bad that I feel like this at least 2 times out the week  https://twitter.com/gokutoodope/status/852370320744996865 … 
Hey guys I finished all my art homework and I feel dead *strikes a pose* 
I feel sick but at least I don’t have to wake up early tomorrow 
I feel this hard. http://trib.al/8DNrUrP  
Check me in to rehab the day I feel the need to randomly talk shxt about someone gtf with all that 
imma have a Britney Spears mental break down soon I feel it 
i feel like driving but ion have anywhere to go. i also don't feel like going to get gas 
I can't believe my birthday is in 4 days  I feel like I justtttttttt celebrated my shit not too long ago time be flying 
Maaaan I feel bad that I still haven't played that. Had no money when it came out and now I have no time instead :/ 
I feel better already having you here 
I feel this so hard. Soft ass motherfuckers. 
I feel as if @KristineLeahy is taking the Shrimp Bayless approach. The contrarian 
I feel like plotting this on a graph and looking at how the rate of upvotes has changed over time… 
I feel like I finally understand why I was struggling so much, and the future looks bright, clear, and happy. 
I feel attacked pic.twitter.com/98kVgGBofK 
I feel compelled to shoot more, and more meaningful stuff to me. So I'm really hoping this spring is a full return to that. 
i feel like weeping ... 
I feel like gabe wants to get blocked tonight 
Every time I feel like I'm crazy I think of one tree hill and feel better abt myself cause some of the girls on there are straight psycho 
@greg_hughes68 I feel privileged pic.twitter.com/KUPEO1LvG2 
YOU HAVE BEEN MY ONE AND ONLY FOR SO LONG. I FEEL SO BETRAYED RN 
My breakfast this morning. I feel energised and I am ready for the day #GoodNutrition http://fb.me/1V3SHSJqx  
All of a sudden I feel all sick 
The way I feel about you, I've never felt with anyone else. 
Shooooooot I feel you on that. 
That's how I feel about cupcakes 
Based on my future, my plans, my goals with u and not the way i feel towards a fear or a doubt. Now, all is clear, as clear as the jean lol. 
I feel it all in my stomach 
Yeah I'm pretty sure it was JS that did that video, like whopped it on over a beauty blender haha. I feel so average. 
ive been a vegetarian for six years :) I feel sick! 
pipiloka #VideoLove Lady Gaga 
I feel like the fist bite could be more than sexual arousal... But not in the least if not 
i got this much packaging done.. but still i missed his vlive i feel so bad :"^ ah i'll make sure to watch the whole thing when it reuploads pic.twitter.com/Dn4mFe2Fxf 
SAME HDHDHDB I FEEL SO GUILTY BEC IN A SPAN OF 1 YEAR, I CHANGED INTO A SVT FAN ACC EHEHDHR 
I feel so fucking naked without my watch and bracelet fuck 
I feel you 
I'm stuck at school and I feel like shit. 
I feel like even after a nuclear holocaust dennys is still gonna be around. 
Chill Out Wednesday #19   Low? I feel high listening to this!  Hello all! This week,… https://www.instagram.com/p/BTWTyENBSnY/  
& somethimes I feel in for a good training  https://twitter.com/Royceda59/status/857119095153725443 … 
I had such a bad dream & I feel terrible. I can't imagine when girls really go through that in their lives & have to live w/ it. 
I feel so stressed about saturday bc no one knows shit about what were doing but im so excited 
I feel somewhat responsible for this https://twitter.com/stellarkihyun/status/857180857617981440 … 
I feel ya 
Wow! I'm going to give it a try. I feel a lot better, but I'm still coughing like crazy. Thank you 
tbh i feel like personality buzzfeed quizzes are correct most of the time 
I feel like I need to buy a bottle of bourbon and sit you down for story time.  Maybe two. I don't share well. 
Idk what's more painful: Steve Mnuchin making jokes or Sean Spicer making jokes. I feel like I'm listening to Bar Mitzvah speeches... 
I feel like the bassoon is an under-appreciated instrument. don't @ me. 
[ she takes a few sips of her tea, thinking deeply ]  ... I'm trying to sort out how I feel right now. 
I totally understand im not judging you. I feel the same way actually. But its a good place to vent, at least for me.. sometimes. 
if you're going to trade Paxton i feel like you almost have to trade Kyle. I would rather keep Pax, Kyle, Haniger, + O'Neill 
But enormous is bigger than huge, I feel.  There's reusachtig, but that has the same feeling as gigantic does. 
It's the only promotion she's got going on for herself at the moment lol. I feel sorry for her kid. 
I FEEL IT COMING  I FEEL IT COMING BABY  **backround fades in***   you been scared of loveeee 
Yessss.. grades ain't bad but not where I wanted them. Exactly how I feel. https://twitter.com/kardash____/status/857248215883816960 … 
i feel like it's gonna come down to cook, davis or foster 
i feel weird for thing the crappy animation was not... crappy... it was endearing and matched the show? idk how to describe it 
...and already I feel like BUT WHAT IF I WANNA REREAD JUNKY (which I've barely touched since pretty much the 90s). 
I feel like @ratatatmusic is a super underrated band.  Great compositions and innovative.  They're great live too 
I just ate something with gelatine in it and I feel disgusting  why didn't I check 
Make sure u chk dis interview out!! It's dope and  Ur fav Queen is mentioned n I feel oh so special lol http://m.audiomack.com/song/hellraz  
I feel fit :-) Today I took 7510 steps, burned 2225 calories, and travelled 5.48 kilometers 
I feel so welcomed in block b fandom I love ALL OF U 
I feel like everybody knows that i long to keep your heart the closest 
I feel like this is legitimately as valid as every other one I've heard. https://twitter.com/starwarsfangirl/status/857267046802915329 … 
I feel bad but this is funny as fuck https://twitter.com/willsommer/status/857006315427823616 … 
I'm thankful for my background in psychology because I feel like I understand my actions/feelings/why I am the way I am in general. 
I feel sorry for Lala. Don't even know if/what she did wrong though. 
Nah, I feel that still. Like I said, there are people who abstain from the vote on principle but there are other ways to get involved. :) 
I have to listen to g herbo every day if i don't i feel incomplete lol . #Mybaby 
I feel extremely hashtag blessed to be able to hunt for Easter candy as an adult without putting any effort in, seriously 
I feel complete with u my babe xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
I think the reason I'm so fond of SNES is because it had a TON of great RPGs on it that I feel hold up very well today for me 
i feel like the past 17 years of my existence have been a mere dream (or nightmare) (nightmares are dreams still) 
sure im ugly on a regular basis but y i feel pretty today luh 
I feel like I put out high quality tweets that get passed up on too often and it's tragic 
Either way, I feel like they're talking about campaign mode. 
i'm too optimistic i feel like lol whoops 
Nah I feel that J stylez on that more than streetz 
I personally compare future to James brown cause of all the soul in futures music but I feel the exact same way 
I presented today. I feel very disappointed that i didnt receive this treatment. 
i love how free i feel in being able to express my love. in learning to love myself im free to love all these other beautiful magical people 
A quartet, is it? I feel... shunned. Outcast. Heartbroken. I suppose you children should make it up to me, or... 
I feel like I have to say I'm joking because twitter love to RT with some shit, trying to debate. I'm just here to laff. 
hav2dodge my prof bc I'm ditching class today & I feel rlly bad bc she's such a cool prof but I rlly don't wanna go on a farm field trip/-: 
I feel so lonely and empty all the time idk what to do 
I feel like this should be "April Fools!"  Amazon’s new $200 Echo Look camera will judge your outfits | The Verge http://www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2017/4/26/15435550/amazon-echo-look-200-smart-camera-mirror-stylist … 
Bed. I feel like I'm dying 
I went back to work early and I feel like such a nerd 
I feel like I'm one of the good ones. 
I feel like typos in tweets are quite common...not really the issue here. 
Now playing #AlishasAttic - I Am I Feel #thewillowonline #ContinuousSoftRockhttp://tunein.com/radio/The-Willow-s141947/ … 
EJ's not even 2 pounds yet and I'm so uncomfortable. How will I feel when I have a 6-8 pound baby in me?! 
I feel that but that’s damning for a series outside of 1 game that was fairly close. 
ahh god i really hate being sick i feel death in every moment :( 
I feel so shit 
I feel the same way. It feels so real now. 
I feel like the ending of PMMM Rebellion. 
Liberalism and PC forces at work. When they booted Curt Schilling @gehrig38 they lost me.. I feel badly for the many talented conservatives. 
I feel beyond attacked right now pic.twitter.com/GTtUD2uiKw 
I feel like my booty getting bigger so life is pretty good at this point 
Lately though I feel pretty upset, at basically everything. 
I feel like weights are slowly being lifted off my shoulders 
I feel like it's not healthy to dislike an oc as much as I dislike Elias. He can honestly go choke. 
i feel you! been planning my next tattoo for ages! 
I feel slightly proud 
oh yea that I feel it 
I feel it is my personal responsibility as an American woman to represent. #fireivanka she isn't qualified and shouldn't represent the US 
Kevin will 100% leave on a triple again if the rumors are true and I feel so bad for him 
symmetra has no skin and i feel bad that i was not active at all during the event cause dva got a great skin too and UGH 
I feel https://twitter.com/gxld42/status/857353884041224192 … 
still can't believe my crush was like 'please text me so we can hang out, you have my number' my colleague told him how I feel about him lol 
The best debaters prep before prep time  Something to think about when i feel particularly lazy 
I feel annoying with how often I talk about Mike to my family 
"My name is Rachel, and I feel very sad today!" #GoodLuckMrDemmepic.twitter.com/oH724veu5W 
I realised I am nothing to anyone.... Only one person that makes me feel like somebody, thats you Nur. Now I feel sad all over again 
quote this w ur name for an indirect ill give hints if i feel like it if this flops pretend it didn't happen mutuals only istg 
Catching up on the #RHOBHReunion and I feel like there's been too much @lisarinna just saying 
@SexualGif @andrwsia lmao i feel like dis wud b u 
@kayla_hollatz @emmabica I feel like they start sooner each week. #createlounge 
i really hate having to be what i feel is confrontational about my gender 
I feel bad for people who aren't friends with their siblings like my brother annoy the hell out of me but they're still my best friends 
i can never ask anyone to do something for me, even if its small, because then i feel selfish and they might get mad at me 
@_MomToAPrincess I'm hoping! Yeah, I feel like all the stress from it won't even allow it... 
I do not dislike @SenSanders , but I feel that he will breakdown the #Democrat party.  I hope that I'm mistaken the signs. 
Loyalty before Royalty now I feel betrayed I love all of my niggas I just wanna c em paid #OnGas 
@divaofdespair_ i was in the same situation with at least what you stated here and i feel petty talking about it too dw 
3 Things To Know About the 'Woman Card' In 2016 http://n.pr/1SBem2u  - I feel like there are a lot more than 3 things here @titonka ! 
@FancyLantz I mean I do! I feel like I'm constantly favoriting your tweets. 
I feel like #OpenGL is more powerful.... But is it really worth the extra work? #IndieDev #GameDevhttps://github.com/ZenXChaos/MapleStorySDLCPP … 
If I go a day without some kind of fruit/veggie in my diet I feel like 
What I feel about this show isn't just hatred, it's disgust! #NoLaurelNoArrow 
@FoxNews @DanaPerino Usually agree with u but I feel it will not make a difference, especially after seeing her spew same narrative as TC 
I just remembered I used to listen to Skillet and I feel sick 
I feel asleep at my desk only to be woken by my roomate asking if I was alive 
Today on my birthday, I feel that I've got a friend whom I can always count on and that's you @itsRozNa. Thank youhttps://twitter.com/itsrozna/status/725502103884435458 … 
@THATJoshKail it’s just a shame we dropped out 2 game lead at home. I feel confident tonight 
@SoulStrikesOCE. You get much value out of Wild Pyromancer? ? I feel he can be a liability 
I feel like I owe u somn lemme show u somn 
Lenny Kravitz on Prince: 'I Feel Like a Piece of Me Died' http://fb.me/5DppI08XS  
I feel like it's all just a memory now 
Work is getting the best of me.. I feel like a zombie 
I feel like I know way too many people and friends who left too soon. I swear, I'll never understand life. 
Passive-aggressive when we're texting, I feel the distance 
That I am beautiful in every fucking way that I feel incorrect Because everyone else is incorrect 
I feel like it's been the 27th for 4 days 
This made my heart melt lol I feel so bad for you watching this  https://twitter.com/ash_xox_l/status/725413679693443072 … 
The ending of the movie version of The World According To Garp makes me cry everytime I watch it. Sometimes I feel I need to cry. 
Sierra DeMulder gives me so much hope that I feel like I could do anything. 
I feel Robin Romei on this HedaIsBae those are actually my eyes right now 
i feel so fckn bad. 
That's so dope! & it takes talent to know talent  we should to stay in touch. I feel like I could learn some things https://twitter.com/kaylalpert/status/725532970644295680 … 
I feel like working out. I guess it's time for a change. Renew my lifestyle a little. 
@LouNostrils I feel like you changed your Avi JUST so you could post this 
I feel like I'm so full but it's just the all the water I drank today lol 
I feel like I'd be really good at writing speeches for someone else to say in character of me. 
@liaoming @DreamShakeSBN I feel as if this is sarcasm. 
I didn't even know the girl that went to West but I feel really bad. 
@nicolemedrano1 Damm I feel you I'm at a 10 rn 
@QueenJailene I won't lol. I'll just say how I feel about it. Lol. I love my comics. And knowing about things before it happens. 
But like at the same time it's not offensive to grown people so idk I feel like Imma be stuck around kids who blow shit outta proportion 
In other news: They took my blood again to see if the medicine I get now helps me. I feel like it does. 
I feel  @ Gökova https://www.instagram.com/p/BEu2NDxKWZr/  
@Abbyrodriguez__ @alancano39 @FCASTILLEJA_01 whatever helps you sleep at night but I feel you 
I feel in love with my Bestfriend </3 
@solacekas @NickFalconPunch I hope it ain't ass, but I feel it will be too 
Why I feel like drawing when I'm at internship place but when I'm home the inspiration is gone. So sad. 
I feel so bad for my BF I be throwing fits for no reason then the next hour I just wanna love him and hug him & tell him how much I love him 
I feel bad making Abimael laugh bc he dies every time...jk I don't feel bad fdb choke choke choke choke 
Morning Twitter. I feel like crap, still, but let's do Thursday! 
Can't even put into words how much I feel for you these days. 
@hurrypotter27 @iandyou83 but I feel like I've met the right person several times now 
I feel so empty 
I feel like I'll need to pick your brains on interior shopping @thankfifi! My Pinterest is @ honey_pop pic.twitter.com/uaTpC4FIhV 
yo nobody will understand how blessed i feel to have @siberiabreaks saved 
@haruplaysshit I FEEL YOU, BUT IM ALSO GLAD FOR YOU AJSJSHAK I HOPE REI COMES HOME SOON 
I feel like my life is complete now that I can open a beer bottle 
my first exam is a week today I feel like crying 
@RLW_Mole @TheParraEels @BuzzRothfield I feel for Foran Any relationship breakdown is difficult  Even more so when children involved 
I just did this and it was iiiiiiintense but I feel good  https://twitter.com/yogawithadriene/status/725309187106963456 … 
I think I'm done at work... but I feel like I'm forgetting something. 
@MariamAsaad I feel nauseous just looking at a snake leather print. 
@k_im_wicked I feel like you have the potential to knit. Knit him some hats too. 
"Without you, I feel torn, like a sail in a storm" 
This is exactly how I feel about being a fitness coach.  #solucky http://ift.tt/1NWgsrR pic.twitter.com/4F0c7jrKfX 
@donttrythis Finally watched very last episode of mythbusters, in France. I feel satisfied and nostalgic in same time... 
Suddenly I feel inspired by my current holdings in $ITUS should be an easy $5.00 from this current level http://goo.gl/yQajjH  
if you don't have a person like @claireenagel in your life I feel sorry for you 
Its amazing how crazy i feel whe.dmy phone vibrates ann I'm begging it tofbe you. 
I never thought I feel it... I'm starting to really hate you and everything about you.  Deceitful.. Perfect description! 
I feel like if we give North Korea Pizza Tracker technology we could get them on our side. 
I hold my tongue a lot on this, but I feel the same way. https://twitter.com/wolfpackhitter/status/725666644857618432 … 
I feel you! Ako nga quarter pounder n burger ko!!! Waaahhh #ALDUB41stWeeksaryhttps://twitter.com/johncac_/status/725661323053260800 … 
Title of this song really sums up how I feel today pic.twitter.com/RixDiFi486 
Same gurl, same. I feel you gurl  https://twitter.com/Luis5SOS/status/725675165586100226 … 
@shevianca sometimes I feel like he knows more than I do 
I can definitely tell my medicine is wearing off cause I feel like shit and my prescription is out 
What's allegedly happening to TeeBillz is really sad and heartbreaking. I feel for him 
@letghosts i trust u with the power to @ them. i feel like jtg loves u. i give u my life 
I feel like so many people have a negative few on church and Christians because so many are self righteous. We're not all like that 
@royaltyclubvp i feel iz d baldhead have him hook 
@hvgoenka I feel so proud at this moment that I M confident; my God w'l accept my Dua: KhushRaho AbaadRaho..RPG Ka Naam Roshan Karein! Amin! 
@BabyAnimalPics @emsclarkex I feel like we can relate to this 
I feel like I have spaghetti for legs right now 
Aq dh penat sorry. Semuanya aq x kan faham. I can't fix, I can't do anything. Congrats. I feel those again. Break, apart,catastrophe, lose. 
@LauraGarabedian It's a loss felt by many. I feel like she was a rare light in this world. 
@SBS_MTV I #더쇼 feel #빅스 I feel Fantastic 
Which Harry Potter movie do I feel like watching 
I feel physically hurt in my chest wow. 
@OWNFemScout (I feel the love! XD) 
Ive been coding for 9 hours!! I took a nap in the middle but I feel like I'm running a marathon!! fueled only by coffee and Selena!! 
If only you knew my story you would know how blessed I feel just to see another day #Godisgood https://www.instagram.com/p/BEv9p3kwfjq/  
I feel as if the whole universe inside of me. 
"I feel like when the clock strikes 12, I turn jej." - @imattcem 
I FEEL ATTACKED SO BAD pic.twitter.com/OxgxfrXpGD 
Don't hurt yourself is really my song!!!!! I feel it on a spiritual level 
@Iagann ya.. i feel like all fandoms have a bad side just avoid it and stick w the good ppl i guess? 
I actually can't explain how peaceful and happy I feel in my hammock. 
Feeling like that nigga I feel like this nigga 
cobble hill mom's husband was an intern at 48 so i feel ok!!!! 
@elisionjh I feel blessed 
The amount of hunger I feel right now tho..... 
I feel like when i watch tv all i ever do is watch fucking adverts 
Costco have stopped selling my favourite soup in the whole world and I feel so betrayed 
@UnitedGamer101 I've been playing nothing but dark souls 3 the last few days. I feel empty inside but very accomplished 
I feel like I'm just apart of this big ball of ignorance 
What coconut oil do people use for their face? I feel like I bought the wrong one 
I listen to my heart. Cos what i feel is real. 
i feel like this is jungkook's biography https://twitter.com/funny_bts/status/691566746382180352 … 
I feel for those who let their own happiness reside within someone else. 
Same way I feel about Marcus Lattimore :)   https://twitter.com/dariusrucker/status/725701070421254144 … 
@xMyHighLife_ I feel the same way 
I feel so brand new after a fresh relaxer 
i feel like shit. rly wish i had the balls to call off work lol 
Once I feel some type of way ... I feel some type of way 
@milksheiks I feel like this has underlying connotations that shall be discussed on the adventure to find the hemp tent PART 2 later on 
this is how I feel https://twitter.com/yallenvykhia/status/725708816768184320 … 
I feel lucky to live in such a time where a photo like this exists pic.twitter.com/w6vvErYP4y 
I honestly cannot wait to hear Kesha on the radio again... I feel like new era is coming! 
My hair look a mess cuz my nails were too fucked to do anything this morning and I feel so messy but haven't had the chance to fix it 
@eelwitch I don't know?? There're lot of people I feel so lo s t ;; 
...Ahoma's alright. I feel like we can understand each other. 
I made an 81 on my math final...I feel like she entered the wrong grade. I thought I failed it 
I just got my nails and eyebrows done n I feel like a new man 
@qveenk4 how i feel ab u 
This song is so accurate to how I feel https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=A4czp7KV2j4 … 
I feel like I am 15 again listening to blink and loving it best song they have made in so many years 
First time listening to the 2014 Forest Hills Drive Live performance and I feel like I'm there when I'm actually in the library LOL 
No one will truly understand me and  the way I feel 
@RiccFoxxx I feel you 
Trust me to be working all weekend when I leave on Monday, I feel so unorganised 
@slutoIogy I feel like that's why Ariana gets so much hate 
Not sure how I feel about being brunette  pic.twitter.com/bdve1yaf2N 
#NowPlaying Collie Buddz - Collie Buddz I Feel So Good :: Tune In: http://www.dachampionsound.com  
@JarroFreeman @trebor12566 @Nigel_Farage yes > NO DOUBT about it > but i FEEL FARAGE has sold out ??> just my > OPINION 
No matter how tired, stressed,or upset I maybe-the gym, weights, the bag, the people, the fight on the mat, DISSOLVES IT ALL, I feel 21! 
Scientists need be careful when using the passive voice.  I feel guilty saying "exceptional" re: people or data. https://twitter.com/kathrynhaydon/status/725739888176336896 … 
I feel you... https://twitter.com/_quixoticsoul/status/724976305721192451 … 
@TomRuminski If possible, sure. Between the two? Berrios. I feel like this Manaea start is gonna be a one-off like Snell's. 
@SerithV Personally that's *why* I like coyotes. Wild fun. ;)  I feel the same way though. I'm not nice and people think I am. 
Cuz I feel like if he don't check ha ass it's cuz he fwh n don't wanna mess it up n I ain't wit dat shit. 
You're the difference between what I feel and what I've felt. The difference between hell and home. 
@HollyCrouch I`m the same. It`s been painkillers every 4 hours. I feel like I`m dying 
The way I feel everybody gone be in the bed at 8 ... 
@MarcArtistry I feel bad for Jason always trying to bring negativity around my way. It must get to him sometimes. 
#DolceAmoreVenezia     Love is what I feel for you, 
@debnamblack now you know how I feel https://twitter.com/micahhomg/status/722883356401094656 … 
And SB  I feel like the yellow bag on the j train .It ended it the garbage just like me..You wanted to fix me from the battery scars.we had 
I feel like most people would think that's weird in so many levels 
When I feel how I'm feeling right now I really wish I could go for a walk or sit by the ocean but no I live in Hell 
The love I feel in my heart for my son makes me understand how God feels about me. That's deep! 
I feel like I clean my car and it gets dirty 5 mins later 
In the light of recent events on the exclusion of an autistic child from participating in a school trip I feel... http://fb.me/5LBcSDDhX  
@SandyCheekz94 thanks. I feel less violated now lol 
also I escaped with the ff books c/o #thebookstopph I FEEL LIKE SUCH A CRIMINAL I'M SORRY I KEEP DONATING ANYWAY??? pic.twitter.com/La23RPqObk 
I'll be back in my bed two weeks from now and I don't know how I feel about that yet 
@JayPinnock I'm a bit sad cus I feel like Wayne should be on it, if he had kept up 
I know you feel what I feel ... 
@EKTOutie I feel dirty after going through that, and I'm not sure it said what they wanted it to say but I could be wrong. 
I don't know how I feel about my hair 
I feel sick 
@zfcyanide @SovietWomble awww. I was hoping for a race joke, not a dick joke. I feel let down. 
@KajSkyhook33 I feel the same.. 
@spazwangle @Emma_Louise50 I feel ya. It's a lot less worrying when it's some ill educated lout who knows no better. 
I feel 109% tired 
i can't even eat properly bc i feel so giddy 
Why do I feel for this mayor? #TWDpic.twitter.com/dLv6i07fmn 
@GuyCodes @theCP24 @JMann1984 how I feel most Mondays 
Woke up & I feel like being petty 
I feel so bad when my old people fall ): especially when I'm the first to find them bc I'm to little to pick them up myself 
I love our house here I feel like a princess guys come over I have a villa let's partaaay 
2. slot -IM SO LAZY, delayed a lotta stuff already and everytime i think of doing smth i have to do i feel like i dont wanna do it more 
I feel empty inside and outside!!  You II die before they realize your worth!  #BreezyNation 
@XTENLEE96 I FEEL LIKE WANT TO POUR YOUR FACE WITH A HOT WATER 8( 
I feel really bad for not appreciating the things my Mom do for me...I hate myself for it 
@Sciueref When I wear it I feel like @eddiemarsan in #Heartless 
@EzZybruhman I feel u, I just hate when ppl say he's ass cause of drake lol 
I feel like the guy in that Met Ball doc must practice a lot of cognitive dissonance. 
I feel like I'm searching for sadness when it's not here. It became a part of me, I can't live without it anymore 
@JKathrine that's my sons name!!!  and yes that's how I feel' 
I feel so bad for anyone who couldn't find a parking spot this morning 
“I feel like Animal from The Muppets, in overpriced leggings” http://bit.ly/1T9TG13  
i've been listening to daniel versus the world while trying to get ready for work and now i feel sleepy again 
@AxelVillasenor dear lord I have NEVER liked that song  so I feel you. Outback Steakhouse has good bread lolol let's go 
"I feel like the people who like drake are the people who are gonna vote for trump, ya know?" - @squishy20th 
But why do I feel so out of the loop  like I didn't talk to drew and cash in weeks 
all i feel is pain?????????!&&  drjds kidtjnundfgnbfhbvfkbbjnxwyjbdjkomfdb 
I feel like they want to see me learn the hard way 
I feel disgusted 
@Stormie_Stormm no stop, yk how I feel about eating butthole never 
I ain't to hard to tell you how I feel 
I feel better about mistakes when I make them at 3 am 
@Jonathansinana2 @haleyobsession @HaleyReinhart I feel like they’re meant to sound that way, like an old record… All songs sound diff 
Those two guys...oh man..i feel so bad for them..venturing like that..like..srsly 
@Milenskaya Als jemand, der bei seinem letzten Umzug sechs Wochen auf seinen Internetanschluss warten musste: I feel you. :( 
i just felt all the energy drain out of my body all of a sudden. i feel like a piece of lead 
Overthinking hits me hard, I feel afraid. 
I can't believe Melodie is 2 i feel like she was just born 
@Alexis_Nicolex @smile4these I feel like no one remembers that. 
I feel awful that I can't do tag day but tomorrow is gonna be too much for me. 
I feel like such an adult when I pack a lunch for work 
@rosegoldotra I feel ya bro 
This quote is still relevant and I feel all men should hang this above their bed. Read it. every day. https://twitter.com/NatazhaWoods/status/726085889672273920 … 
I feel like shit, I know I ain't shit https://twitter.com/jkalaniee/status/726095925354049536 … 
I feel like now there's little to no middle ground when it comes to dealing with the opposite sex. Everyone has drawn their line in the sand 
Due to a pinched nerve in my neck, I can't turn left. I feel like Derek Zoolander. #fml 
Thinking about work & all the shit happening this weekend is stressing me out to the point where I feel sick to my stomach 
I feel like my dog got bigger in a week lol 
I just used the '' face in order to fit in, I feel so violated 
i feel like my birthday isnt special anymore. 
@Ivori_Nichele I feel you on this shit 
The basis is need to know, if you don't know just how I feel, Then let me show you now that I'm for real pic.twitter.com/ISpmWP4dqp 
Hello everyone I feel like listing to lalah Hathaway!    Have a great day... 
dear.. Y do i feel dat u ar nt k, dere ix smtin u wnt to tell me, bt u dnt wnt to 
How @stargate_barbie and I feel about food... pic.twitter.com/2vI7e0LxpP 
@IFollowAndrew forreal? I mean I feel like I still gotta listen to it just on principle. Is the song with Future good at least??? 
and I feel so happy and relieved right now man holy toledo 
@dphotopilot I've never seen so much brown nosing, but I feel like Burgum surrounds himself with those types. 
I feel like today's #days was two episodes spliced together. And neither one had anything to do with the other. 
@jennyisboring @IanLeong93 I feel so bad for him, president of his current club abandoned him and didn't allow him on the bus that one time 
I FEEL SO PRETTY SOMEONE STOP ME 
I really wanna send it cuss that's how I feel in reality . 
@gracegalllagher I feel as though this should have received about 100k retweets. 
@DailyRapFacts I feel like Troy Ave is still the trashest of all trash can ass rappers 
I feel like Juelz Santana. 
@NiickBoii exactly that's how I feel about her too! 
I feel sick. Rest In Heaven Grandma 
@JoshDoyle77 do we need a LB tho? Cause I feel it wouldn't hurt to crack down on OL and see what's there 
idk how i feel about seeing that but it was coming sooner or later 
I wanna go to lunch with Elizabeth Warren. I feel like we'd get along 
@higgy365 remember I feel the cold.. Think there will be a thermal vest .. Wearing stuff like that does not help me get my mojo back !! 
I feel like the fact that Mr.Sustek said "princess" in a sentence while talking to someone else and I genuinely responded says a lot 
I feel so weak 
i feel sorry for my mutuals that arent fkcign memers this isnt what they expected when they first followed me 
I feel like I wanna just be a bachelorette my whole life. 
I can't even begin to say how much better I feel knowing that I wasn't alone in my thought process and experience. https://twitter.com/ProfSpiker/status/726121190184603648 … 
When i feel @SBS_MTV like nothing #더쇼 thats when #세븐틴 i think of you z 
@TinaTweetsAlot i feel some level of accomplishment here he's been my crush since i was 15. I don't think that's ever going to change haha 
Sometimes I feel like the super villain Krang, from the Ninja Turtles. Working with my feelings, seeking to... http://fb.me/2g49Tg2FI  
I feel like the better I do the more people talk lol , ok .  I'm wid it bc I will succeed my goals 
@NohrianPunk "I swear on my mom's name that I'm not lying! And believe me, I feel the exact same way.." 
I feel Robin Romei on this krissymoore_ SO CUTE. pls give him hugs from me!!! 
Been turnt I feel u my nigga  https://twitter.com/JManziel2/status/726182998203359232 … 
@80dandelion @bigblueview @tonybeef32 Not a guy whose never played it. I feel like Jenkins will play slot most if the time. 
@callme_LEENA smh I feel mad slow now that I see you on Twitter lol 
@RhaySugar we do. I feel like we been talking about this for a minute now. 
I feel like it's banky  https://twitter.com/aribitee_/status/726193488258277377 … 
@1010_jb i feel the same way 
@ayrubber I feel bad for her sha 
I feel so empty 
@PrfctMommss I feel the same way! 
I feel asleep last night on y'all  https://twitter.com/grown_simbaaa/status/726416279922302976 … 
After rehearsing, someone gave this to me because I feel so tired and haggard dancing hahaha thank you mom! HBD pic.twitter.com/amnt3py63Z 
I feel this way. Very, very often. pic.twitter.com/HsG14bOhkF 
How are you  — I feel great HAHAHA https://l.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECPW7B667HQMHN2IG6NM2SODRJJWQPRO3G77D7SLNZN62UYY2Z2MFFHMSQJSKS2PIEAEJQUH4DB7YEV7M2VONS5LPBR5UUARBEY3C53DWGP5B6MTGOHPZS2PFWD7SCSMUBQC2TTHDFMILWLAES3NVXGHNYUKYTFGLYDTQOPPYP7SFZZWHX6M6NPKJ47XTQI72VY= … 
i got these really booshie sunglasses with my sunglass hut gift card and man oh man i feel fancy 
@edstetzer I'm at my first dance competition for my daughter.  I feel....lost. 
My period doesn't even hurt It's a family trait thing but I feel actually sorry for other girls who are actually in pain 
I feel like today's the day the Chiefs get Connor Cook! 
I barley sleep and I feel like I did crack lol 
After catching up on the manga, I feel like the Re:Zero anime's adaptation of Subaru hurts his character and focuses too much on "dumb neet" 
HB_anko GOT NO CHILL. I feel so attacked of Junhui's photos! OMG! asdfghjkl I can't for the HD copies. 
I feel so much better! 
@Stephenmaybooks thrilled you like it. I've had so many ideas. I bet you can sell 1000 copies in 1000 hours. I feel a campaign coming on. 
@ShawnOReggio yea idk kinda pissed me off when they announced it cuz I feel like it's a waste when we could've drafted something we need 
@anditbecameart tempted but i wouldnt do that to kylie plus i feel bad for taking a hit off a bong of weed last week :( 
@saruhpaulina I KNOW I FEEL 
I feel physically sick from remembering all my regrets. 
@CourtRevolution I used to do this so much but I feel like all my friends find it weird or annoying so I kind of stopped doing it 
It's so hard to decide but I think Texas Is Forever is my fave so far I feel like I'm betraying TDZ but 
My sunshine. He lighten me up whenever I feel bad. pic.twitter.com/TYNcsgbxU5 
@hashire_penguin I feel too old for it ;; 
@Ohsoyourdes i feel like u laughed cus this what u do 
I feel like only one other person shares my appreciation for *NSYNC 
Fuck a vacation I feel better at work 
Obv there will be some but now its just bullshit i feel so embarassed ohwell 
hhhhhh i feel dirty 
@maixchard haha I feel you! I dread Sundays now because of @SundayPinasaya kasi for sure lagi may issue. Not masaya at all! 
I feel like it's fitting that it's raining the weekend before finals 
I love you because I know you`re always there, there to catch me when I fall, there to listen when I need you, there when I feel alone. 
I feel so bad for Leah 
I have work in an hour and I've yet to get out of bed once today because I feel like crap 
@CloudyCanine *Huuuuuuug!* I feel better already! Thanks, Huskyena <: 
I feel breathless 
Students should say what they think w/o prefacing w "i feel..." Going to be conscious of this now @MollyWorthen @UNChttps://twitter.com/nytimes/status/726485039354109954 … 
@FizziLlama @girlposts I feel so untalented 
I just noticed that the reason why I hold back from so many things is because I feel bad for others 
@StevenStebbins @geofftrainor but I also like to see ppl/companies rewarded for working hard; I feel like XB1 sales have not reflected this 
i feel sleepyㅠㅠ 
@jordancprice I feel the same way about paint fumes. They were varnishing the front door at work 2 days last month & I felt so ill! 
@HarmfulOpinions I feel the same about all the Elderscrolls games for a while now. 
OMG I FEEL SO BAD FOR YUTA THEY ALWAYS BRING UP HIS PAST LOL 
@Chizzy_GetsBusy For what they had, I feel they are getting solid value. 
Today was a throw back day for me. It's been the first time in a long time that I feel like I've been back on my... http://fb.me/1259n0sMf  
I feel like every cute smart guy in this world has a gf 
I feel so old 
@Silent0siris I feel like its hit a point of being synonymous with saying what do people want. Which is probably the same purpose in the end 
Listening to the new Drake record and playing NHL. I feel like @MikeHonson #whitecube 
i feel like i just annoy people all the time like its a constant worry in the back of my mind and its so stressfulllllll 
@ladava I feel the same way about you. Thank you 
I feel so gross lmao 
@_kayyleee that's how I feel rn dude 
@MissDor_ I was reading that but I dunno I feel like I need a deeper reason. It's for my seekers class I have a few answers anyway 
@mackenziebourg sometimes I feel like I bother u bc u never care to even look at me ;-; but ok 
#JackJTo3Mil how i feel right now lol @JackJackJohnson pic.twitter.com/OJCyHf3XtF 
Sick ain't the word. Lord I feel horrible. 
I feel like a big ol' dum dum, but I didn't realize until now that the ink holder on the Octobrush is an octopus! https://twitter.com/ShinShin_ino/status/724093717238272000 … 
»I feel all right I'm gonna take on the world, light up the star. I've got some pages to turn.« 
Sometimes I don't have the words to describe how I feel about you, so I'll pick a song to do it... 
@eeemm_ily I feel like it Michael Jackson 
@MajorManiak its because these new cods have a different view of doing good. I feel like ever since AW u die alot more but still do 'good' 
My father wants to buy a drumset for my brother. OMG, I feel like I'm Ashton Irwin 
@JessicaSerfaty I've been a vegetarian since January and I love it. I feel good physically and I feel more happy :) 
I FEEL LIKE WE JUST WON LORD STANLEY @HayesTSN 
@BrianBledsoe I feel like we should organize the market by flavors. Put all the dill items together. 
Okay I feel like playing in makeup 
@JefeRaps i feel u tho lmaooo me too b 
As I sit in this room, I feel more and more like I'm in an episode of "Always Sunny" bc of the music  it's great! 
@ThraxUK @ManMadeMoon can I just say...42 is NOT middle-aged!!  There I feel better now.... 
i try to talk to my family members from the other side but i feel neglected 
Lol I feel that completely.  https://twitter.com/bloughlin16/status/726583391676719104 … 
I'm not the one to lie, if I feel a certain way about something just ask me and I'll give you a honest answer. 
Whenever I feel #claustrophobic on the #train, I #stare at the #floor to #pretend I'm looking deep into the #cosmos.pic.twitter.com/O4lX1Vxdhu 
@Shippwreck_ I feel like it was those fuck tards on mechanicsville road 
I feel amazing. If only the day could start like this instead of ending. Still awesome tho! Love kickboxing! 
@IWAYA0I I feel the same way 
@hcdlovatic I feel the same way sometimes 
I feel this https://twitter.com/willyhonkaa/status/726599396922642436 … 
@sxbino I feel you bro. 
Why do i feel like i should shut my mouth like forever 
i feel like im carrying around a 10lb ball on top of my body instead of a head 
@amanda1226 @rwalker296 @Raynaadi @taylor9209 I feel like I'd be on an episode of snapped 
@alliestration AND LUCY LAWLESS JUST SHOWED UP WHAT IS THIS EPISODE I FEEL SO AFFRONTED. 
I feel like being honest rn pic.twitter.com/ft3Hzc6367 
@larrywilmore was edgy tonight and I loved it. Watch your show all the time so I feel you. Some of these ppl will b coming 4 ur throats tho 
Just accidentally hit on @Gabb_Kain's sister and I feel like a piece of shit but not really 
I feel disgusting from the junk food and booze. Fifty pages short... Can I call myself a writer now? 
Frustrating day. Ginny makes me feel bad, but I feel bad for her. It's hard to go from such a chill cat like Tigs to such an upset cat. 
I feel coo 
I'll admit I'm sorry when I feel I'm truly sorry 
@averysapriI @belllamyblaked @cadlymack @Ateebaqil I cannot even put in words the ugliness i feel and the betrayal!Cami is dead WHY?? 
@dangeruouswoman I FEEL LIKE I LOOK SO BAD BUT IDKKSSN I WISH THEY TOOK 2 BUT THERE WERE LEGIT OVER 200 PEOPLE AT M&G I WAS SHOCKED 
First match of the night where I feel like I'm playing the luckiest bastard on FIFA. 
@mylesfake there's nothing wrong with weird, I feel the exact same way trust me! 
@bjk394 just a little. I feel like mine was only $70? 
"I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." 
@TylerMNo1Fan Thank you for being such an amazing potato Next Top Model will be in the future (when I feel better) pic.twitter.com/vnnhBGtfLe 
Seriously tho, @mikerugnetta and the @pbsideachannel should take a look at @blacktapespod and @tanispodcast I feel like. 
@TakedownMRAs I think I get it... 'Not even Pride truly cares about gay men - they banned us. Only we REALLY care!'   Ugh, I feel dirty now. 
@nataliecuuh I feel like I ask myself this same question every day 
@sevenbeads I had to crawl to my bed one time when I was sitting on the floor. Took me 10 mins to get up. I feel ya on how bad it can be :( 
Damn I feel sorry for you 
@rustlay I know exactly why I feel sick in that case 
I swearrr sometimes i feel like murdering my brother 
I feel like #oomf purposely tweets things to secretly irritate me 
@mellor_max I feel I can scrape the research methods and sociology basics exam but JESUS GET ANY 24 MARKERS AWAY FROM ME 
CHAKA KHAN - I FEEL FOR YOU http://rdo.to/WPTP  #nowplaying #listenlive 
@cookie_lass excited to watch. I feel like we could somewhat relate. not entirely, but it would definitely resonate. 
Normally I feel all career pols are as bad as each other, but please, please vote Sadiq, and put that poisonous little shit Zac in his place 
I feel like 90% of the people i follow are dead 
I feel so good 
I feel so sick 
i feel so pathetic without him. 
How do dormant people survive? Every time I chill in my house more than 3 hours I feel sick. As soon as I step outside boom all sinuses good 
@thetayloriknew OMG now I feel like I was too much in twitter hahah 
@fujinyumii sometimes i feel like bots secretly know when shit goes down 
I feel so bad. I have not been attending pilates for 3 days......... 
Oh Allah, i feel so distract please bring my focus back. 
@digitalnicotine me too. I'm blind to it until it's pointed out to me a lot of the time. I feel so very lacking in all that I do. I try tho. 
i hate today i feel a lil crisis in my head coming up yasss 
@selfttitled bless up I feel like drawing it 
I honestly don't know how I feel about Raven King epilogue it kind of left me.. pleased but also.. dissatisfied? 
I don't know how I feel about Views just yet  #Drake 
I feel weird. 
I feel something special in the air today. #LeicesterCity — watching Barclays Premier League 
I feel like death 
I FEEL BLESSED JUST BY WATCHING THIS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6BmB2O1268 … 
I feel like I got run over by a bus 
@simicmic hahahaha I feel you. 
@GeorgeGoodwin98 i feel it 
I know you feel what I feel 
If I find any bets in leagues where the season isn't nearly over then I may tip them. Will see if I feel like it 
"I feel sick" *goes to dunkin* "I'm bored" *goes to dunkin* 
I have so much sinus pressure i feel like im about to blow!!!!!! 
When I hear dumb reporters saying #TedCruz has a great #GroundGame I feel he's Playing soccer in BasketBall match  pic.twitter.com/ZbaQelWM4v 
i feel 8 and live on 179 desmond in greece again call me at 585 663 0004 
@IanTaylorIt16 Here's the other @JonTronShow poster. After making these I feel like dying. pic.twitter.com/7ilYZmilW5 
I wanna tell daddy about how I feel but I'm also so convinced that ppl are going to tell me I'm dumb & I know he wouldn't but it is dumb af 
INU Urban Mix I feel you 
@AaronOLN I knoooowww might try to go for it but I need an A* and I feel like anxiety is gonna leave me at A 
People said , we can focus at many things. But i feel , the sharp is the only one :) 
@alycia_m3 I feel like I missed out on highschool in general 
@halet_126 @TheKhartel THAT'S EXACTLY HOW I FEEL:) 
I feel like I was punched constantly. #BTScomeback 
@darc_bb I feel ya darc 
@HeishPi dedans, donc pas assez d'esprit Batman et encore moins à la Nolan! So I feel you 
sometimes i feel like my friends aren't really my friends...... 
I feel liverpool and mancity will be leaving Europe dis week 
I just watched the first episode of @fullerhouse. I don't know if I feel more shame or satisfaction. 
@DrTacooooooo sean and i feel this way too lmao, it's v bad now 
I feel like something's missing in this picture  https://twitter.com/eatmypixiedust/status/726818681133506560 … 
new icon :D i feel like this should have a black header instead of white give me opinions yall 
I find myself on Twitter on nights I feel like shit. Tonight is such a night but this too shall pass. 
thats how i feel like im treated https://twitter.com/wintxrlashton/status/725642812520194048 … 
@_JAY_R dont matter frfr but i feel if anything the man should cook breakfast considering the girl cooks dinner 
@foodibranch its how i feel rn 
I feel so blessed  with them by my side  #HappySundayToY'all..… https://www.instagram.com/p/BE37hOnq6UBU-WMUwOakVLRuAKrW3fSqGhllEk0/ … 
I feel so stupid 
I feel really uncomfortable 
Its okay girl i feel it too 
Just 3 days left,waiting for coming back of AKMU. I feel so excited n i cannot wait! >< 
I feel like Senzeeh likes all of the stores are closed, guess I'm walking 
There's broken glass scattered around my room and I feel like it's because there's something I'm not telling me. 
I feel free at last. 
7 hrs of revision and I feel just as stupid as when I started 
@squoctobird I feel like everyone hates me right now 
A2: I just keep writing. Post some fiction online. Words to screen, whatever I feel like. I always feel better after. #storycrafter 
@KLFStudio do you knit? With your creativity i feel you would be a great knitwear designer. 
I feel for fellaini, while everyone is busy condemning his elbowing,no one condemn Huth for misdemeanor act of pulling hair,F was defensive 
I wanna ask again bc I feel like maybe this time more people I follow like her maybe,  Do you like yuno 
I feel so nauseas 
I'm vacuuming with a Popsicle in my hand/ mouth. Ask me how adult I feel right now. 
@IAmMrBeefy I feel you. 
If we make plans and your rude enough to not atleast text me if plans change....I feel so bad for you 
I've fucked my share of women and never did I feel the need to publicize it, because I am not weak and I know that is not power 
Damn. I feel like less of a person after watching that train--er--CAR wreckin' mess. #NASCAR 
I feel so bloated right now 
We legit pretty much only have eachother at school and I feel so bad  pic.twitter.com/QrKvpDKG8y 
@A_E_Jones @BartonBank @NHSMillion I did 100km today at 58 and I feel feeble by comparison 
i feel like carrie  yknow when everyone makes her think she won prom queen or smth  and then they dump pigs blood on her 
@SubDeliveryMan @MusadiqZ Ah ahn, I feel sorry for this girl 
Tweeting with one eye coz I feel like that "You have 4.83mb remaining......" Text is about to show itself into my life 
I feel so lonely 
@bbbreakfasttt My middle school friends and I all picked sailorscouts to be and then went on aol chat to rp them and we drew them. I feel u 
I feel like I was just a freshman thinking high school was going to be like high school musical now we're in our last month of senior year 
If you're not special I will text you back when I feel like it & you will accept it or just don't text me. Idc. 
when my grandad died Wednesday it shows who was really down ..Cause no matter how I feel i will always be there for you ... 
That nap was good but I feel like it wasn't enough 
I feel like I shouldn't be this happy... 
@MarinettesMind @luckyCoccinelle (( I FEEL BLESSED THAT I DID THO )) 
BBE @boyblueent big up to all that performed!   I feel like it… https://www.instagram.com/p/BE4dWNyFtrRBB1s2IuLfdw1KJqI664HBwMRQ6w0/ … 
@mwahariana I should probably already look into elderly homes I feel so old 
I feel like a need a release 
Sometimes I feel bad that Jacob's fame and fans is all based on using him as a joke. 
i feel like  today! 
I feel like some people babies be the same age forever lol 
@nyatsuma dude i feel the same way like i get overwhelmed going on there bc i want...EVERYTHING... and yea that too :'( 
i feel so bad for people whose parents have blown them so full of hot air that every statement they utter is rooted in bigotry and ignorance 
I feel my heart beating And You make me feel... Like I'm alive again. 
For some reason I feel this will make you laugh because of how dumb it actually is @NateDawww16https://twitter.com/lifeasbros/status/726983323411714048 … 
:YO BRUH I LOVE YOU. we literally only started being friends like three months ago(?) but I feel like it's been longer. wish I knew u b4 
@MorgzHudson I feel sorry for you. 
Idk how I feel and listening to pop punk was a poor choice :( 
I feel like I'm drowning 
" I feel like that's less vulgar than stripping. I mean you're just going out with people" more inspirational quotes from @abbympadgett_ 
@seaofsparks like i have no childhood friends or cousins i talk to or ANYTHING i feel so isolated idk my dude 
@Lumible I feel special 
I would love to see the #OnePiece cast in an #EvilDead setting. I feel the cabin would lose. #Toonamipic.twitter.com/jIFeoJhfxC 
Every time i listen to Great Times by Will I Am i feel like dancing my ass off 
Things i hope u don't let ppl know RT @___Shanz: Drank two Heineken n I feel like I'm dying 
@TaeRamaj I feel you but you be doin that shit the was jye fucked up too you should of jus you ain't tryin make day trip 
"I feel like a child with a secret and you're about to be a part of it" 
I feel dizzy and disoriented. And I'm starting to feel weirdly paranoid? 
@KnownAsVirtual I feel like once it gets into its main conflict it'll get p good 
I feel like Pablo when I'm... when I'm... *snores* 
@mannydr what's going on? Haha I feel like I'm missing out 
the only thing I feel to say is that ofc that will be the only group not waiting yrs for a comeback 
Me telling you how I feel is just not gonna happen.. 
I FOUND $150 THAT I PUT AWAY LONG AGO I FEEL RICH 
@Mindof__logic I feel u dude. 
@noorghieth @nalbader why do I feel like I know who you're talking about 
I feel like I'm the only person who doesn't like the new BT* MV.   ....but then, I never got the hype anyway? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
jfc there-s seventh heaven on tv i feel so old-- 
By @clivethegwp - How I feel about Mondays  pic.twitter.com/Cuw2wcGjkd 
Yesterday, I stopped at a Latinamerican shop and I bought spicy sauce to pour in corn chips. I feel wasted today. 
I'm so behind on everything haha I feel so out of the loop! 
Damn I feel like dad 
i feel bad cause i'm also the one who told her he was dead before she watched the episode djshhs 
I feel sorry for Tottenham 
I feel I may have seen one to many doors on Instagram from @mummyblogger. This is one of the… https://www.instagram.com/p/BE5r63kKD4-/  
Of course I feel like shit today 
I'm arranging days to view the flats I feel like an adult wtf is this lol 
@Lotterleben I feel you! (written from an iphone 4.) 
I got the answer. I feel I'm the one that has to go through the embarrassed frequency to get the answer. Why should I share it. 
#nowplaying #pop #music #streaming   Country Joe & the Fish - The Fish Cheer & I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-To-Die Rag  http://listen.radionomy.com/JeansRadio  
My cousin is wearing my boyfriends old racing gear and idk how I feel about that... pic.twitter.com/dWp9vcRmZp 
@TheTumblrPosts i feel pain seeing this pictures 
@jenniepickles lol we're both always late. I feel like I won't be able to keep it up all week, I'm already dying 
Like duh, Aware ka sana sa Baby teeth na napapalitan 󾌺󾌺 I feel sorry for you 󾌣󾌴󾌴󾌴󾮖󾮖󾮖 http://fb.me/4EdXdz0y3  
@z0mbiecrunch actually I lied because now I can hear my boyfriend talking in his sleep all cute and now I feel better 
I feel you so bad is horrible https://twitter.com/JossiMedinaa/status/727117910569787392 … 
This is how I feel about silly emoticons #eggspic.twitter.com/JhGWll4kFV 
@DavidAtkins42 I feel like I'm gunna melt  At least it saves me a trip to gym for the sauna 
@IMSameerShekhar I Love Veer too. Haha. I Feel It's a Way Better Film Than Ready and Jai Ho. 
I feel like fall semester was a million years ago 
I fell in love, now I feel nothing at all 
I feel like Brian everytime I play football in gym #athleteoftheweek #feedthebeast 
How I feel bout that final I just aced... I hope pic.twitter.com/9DkmXPEDOr 
Sometimes I feel like when I'm driving, I should just continue and go somewhere far away just cause, just to see something different 
@G200__ thanks lol es que like idk I feel like if I eat Imma throw everything up you know what I mean? Lmao but its cause of the flemas fml 
I feel like if you aren't staar testing you shouldn't have to come 
I feel so shitty gosh darnit 
I feel like getting through today is going to be hard..... 
@simonjpeg YESSSSS I FEEL LIKE I'M ACTUALLY WATCHING THE SHOW IT'S FUCKING FANTASTIC 
therefore i feel everything 
@justrockythings I feel fortunate 
And I feel like I'm treading on thin ice. 
How I feel waking up this morning. pic.twitter.com/6ISd2xQX0E 
I don't ever feel "tired" anymore because the feeling of "tired" is the only feeling I feel. 
why do i feel like this is me, ,, ,,,  https://twitter.com/PHIXKTH/status/727159959897567233 … 
i feel https://twitter.com/kreyzifangurl/status/727162244912402432 … 
I feel like I'm going to pass out from the pains from this cyst 
I'm an anxious wreck today. I wish it would start raining, I feel that would help me calm down. 
And he's been up since 8am plus gym and whatnot tom have to wake up early somemore I feel bad 
I feel like death. 
@PrestigeIsKey I feel like it would 
This is how i feel about work https://twitter.com/dirtyderbiq/status/727170387130327040 … 
Na but imagine my family went for a meal without me; I feel abandoned. What's the child line number ???? 
@hey_hazellll aww I feel so special 
Battleborn Review in Progress:  With Battleborn's campaign, I feel like I'm at a shooting range with some of ... http://bit.ly/1Z3AhU2  
The Mind-Numbing Blasphemy of “I Feel Like”: Hiding Behind Language, Running from Truth http://bit.ly/1SXzmGo pic.twitter.com/qBAG4NdpK5 
@aepton @serial I agree, a common criticism is that the story wasn't very engaging but I feel like your perspective shows the value well 
@kaylahovey i feel 
@MostlyAHoe @WeEatingFam I feel a spiritual connection with y'all rn because me too 
I feel like if I had more subscribers I could be a lot of people's favorite YouTuber. Who disagrees lol 
@GuidoLock @baby_andersen oh,  my dear.  I feel u 
I feel terrible. 
I FEEL SO ARTACKEDF 
@millhunt I feel so sick still 
@ValWifey @thelovleydragon @Zigzagoon1 @tinabenson_baby @screamingnyte rah HE WAS RACIST TO ME ARE YA DUMB! UGH SOMETIMES I FEEL KILLING- 
I feel like being high listening to Views is ten times better than being listening to it sober. 
I love Amaya man we had are moments but it only made us closer I feel like nothing or nobody can come come between us 
I'm still gonna watch it but.... I feel like a 2nd Space Jam is unnecessary 
i feel like i'm going to be sick too much chocolate intake 
I hate being behind because I feel so overwhelmed. 
We touch, I feel a rush, we clutch, it isn't much But it's enough to make me wonder what's in… https://www.instagram.com/p/BE6os7GAICf/  
I feel good doing things that improve my bottom line. #affirmations #lawofattractions 
‘I feel like a failure’: ‘Biggest Loser’ winner shares her story of gaining back her weight loss http://glbn.ca/SU54lh  
Mfs dont understand how good i feel 
I feel like an Andy Warhol piece of work. pic.twitter.com/pPjzos7uag 
sometimes i feel like i be spending my money jst bc ..... 
Me this evening! It's horrible! I feel like death! pic.twitter.com/Y7mfaaXkb1 
sorry I don't know anyone who watches game of thrones and I theorize and I feel the need to tweet them I'm sorry 
@eriksaun64 I feel like you're the only guy who gets how social media is supposed to work, here. I'm so pleased! 
A.2 Yes, definitely. Especially depression and anxiety have been discussed so frequently that I feel like I'd just be copying #femtubechat 
I'm not scared when a Mini Cooper is coming while I'm crossing the street bc I feel like it can't really hurt me 
@cdgoldstein @JRFegan @Nick_BPSS I feel like I recall talk of him getting booted from the rotation & then him throwing a fit about the idea 
#BecauseOfTwitter I Feel #Better 
Whenever I get called into work I feel like I have to go because I'm always calling in 
Soloed Diceon Mines. I feel very powerful. 
@TheFootLong yes double European champions after not long being in the top flight is still better I feel 
#Caskett really were the love of my life. I feel like someone just took everything away from me.  Devastated! @NathanFillion @Stana_Katic 
I feel like a mistake 
i just came out as trans to someone and i feel really great about it 
@kittengerad *lets out a soft moan as I feel your release, collapsing on to my tummy as you pull out* 
@Sekulalalala it's only a joke, you've not finished 17th yet  I feel for you you're being ran by idiots 
@kendalliguori I feel bad I read the question wrong whoops (ppl should do what they want w/ their bodies!) 
I never get into trouble and I feel like my parents think I'm the worst kid in the world 
Tottenham fans. I feel your pain. 
How I feel during #meditation...pic.twitter.com/NHN0TTJ5Jj 
@qball13z i'm not against it lol. Every update is great tho. i feel special. 
I shouldn't have eaten that shrimp taco I feel like my intestines are falling out 
I feel like I struck gold when I find an empty study room in the lib 
「I Got You (I Feel Good)」 James Brown #tfmnoa #nowplayinghttp://youtu.be/DuDeBcpLITQ  
@ayanecookie I FEEL...like I'm taking Spanish and grammar comes easily but speaking is @ __ @ I CAN'T 
Is it bad if I just genuinely don't want to talk to anyone for a few hours cuz I feel like a bad person 
I feel like that's exactly what I expected T.Swift to wear. Different but very much still Taylor. 
@_ReeseCupp_ I feel like education and punishment ok but to put them into legal system for it off jump seems like education wasn't the goal 
On the real tho i feel like i bother people just by being alive 
Shall I feel worried about knowing too much from soccer games and staff? 
@KFCBarstool @KFCradio I'm gonna let you handle the explaining of that one. I feel like that's more of a man-to-man talk 
@universeisgay I feel like I've seen it on Kim 
@Jack_Septic_Eye I feel uncomfortable with you calling me that 
I feel so empty right now. I hate this so much 
I feel so bad for some females...Ya'll need to understand you can't keep a nigga that don't wanna be kept . 
I have had an amazing experience recently and I feel like I actually know what I want to do with my life and I am already on the right path 
I didn't want to listen to it since I feel like I'll get even more mad for not having concert tickets! 
How I feel: New Moon OST - Memories of Edward - Alexandre Desplat https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3pgAvpmVuQ&feature=share … 
@TheNotoriousMMA We saw it all right buddy. Are you ok don't let these comments get to you I feel as though your lashing out with anger 
I feel like most people hang on to someone for so long in hopes that they will change because when they're done they will never look back. 
.... I feel your pain. https://twitter.com/tay_layed/status/727741644280365057 … 
I feel like I'm wasting my time. I don't knowwhat to do anymore. . 
woAah.. i feel- feel weir-d-d.. wHATs up with me? 
I FEEL SUMMER #ootdpic.twitter.com/uWv6nvC2nv 
And it's again an 1 hour long episode. Don't know how I feel about that #DoctorWho 
How I feel all the time https://twitter.com/valfelcruz/status/727487322283991040 … 
@IreliaCarriesU I am glad to know the color of your nipples, I feel like that was the edge I needed to improve my Irelia gameplay, thank you 
i feel drained & even tho it sucks, i might be able to fall asleep within the hour which is gr8 
I feel like I know what to expect at the Tory Lanez concert tonight 
How I feel when I'm on social media at night pic.twitter.com/lh8y37Dqrl 
@tallysolutions Industry: Trading I feel that Tally is the future of businesses in our line of trade.Congratulation #TallyMillion 
Somehow I feel that dis is all rigged to justify Mar's win on election day. #conspiracytheory #Halalan2016https://twitter.com/inquirerdotnet/status/727790269458866177 … 
I feel you are there  https://twitter.com/lester_o3/status/727798500776398848 … 
I feel like shit omg 
Do you want me to upload Radio Vlog, Day 3 tonight or tomorrow morning....?   I feel like bc I've already put a video out today I wait.... 
@5SOS__HELP Canada because my mum really wants to go there and I feel like I need to repay her for my stroppy teenage years 
I feel so damn sore rn 
I feel bad, I'm the only one that got the memo it was purple day for cancer 
persona q is cute and all but i feel like it was all just fanservice and kinda demolished the characters 
@CarlyKlingbiel i feel like a proud dad. I LOVE them 
@carloimperial86 @jaybuddy1234 I feel you! 
FIRE MASHUPS ON YOUTUBE ARE LIT AF I CANT EVEN I FEEL LIKE DOWNLOADING THEM 
I feel like I want to kill someone :/ 
You love me now and I feel the same way 
Update: i also found his ig  i feel like a stalker now lolz he has a very intimidating profile photo tho 
Can you believe it's nearly Mother's Day already? I feel like it's super early this year! I can't wait to spend... http://fb.me/5kJckfU2l  
Merson, with his Phil Mitchell-esque doom laden rantings on Leicester's prospects next season isn't going to worry Ranieri, I feel sure. 
@CountyChamp I've not understood half of these puns. I feel left out! 
@GenshinIsGod man i feel u that beat wild AF 
Wth i feel like talking to u man.  so dem rude 
@BenWilhelm1230 @glennbeck  that's exactly how I feel . 
I feel there is something, just something I couldnt tell. Idk how 
me and two friends went to a playground and now i feel a little better but still mad 
I feel like shiiiiiiiiiiiiit 
i feel like people who brush their hair every day must really have their shit together. 
"I saw you walking in late today" "I feel like your always late" 
I feel like I'm starting to get ugly 
@charlie_liddon nothing mentioned in Belgium, I feel he will stay - if he wants to. 
I feel like staying up all night... 
I'm listening to this old ass baroque music and all I'm thinking is "I feel so bad that they didn't have drake to listen to. Must of sucked" 
i think I'm not even nineteen i feel like I'm nine 
Haylie Duff Talks Being a Working Mom: 'I Feel Like I'm Setting a Good Example' http://dlvr.it/LDNxvd  
" i feel like a asian " 
@miamordolan @Athena_Div i love you tooo omg yessss i feel so love and my eyebrow feels it toooo 
@MadisonBeer I feel the same way. And it pisses me off that people won't accept everyone for who they are as a person. 
@ayoodesso I feel better now 
The story reads "50 Cent cyber bullies autistic child" ... I feel for that.. now he's requesting reparations for being treated unfairly 
I was the last one to leave the testing site and I don't know how I feel about that... 
I feel like I should've guessed this but the excitement of my mom getting me was better. It is mothers day week. pic.twitter.com/3SixK3Avt4 
When I feel sad I quote Taylor Swift. 
I feel awful holy shit 
A lot of these niggas won't get a verse from me. I feel bad for being the one to school these niggas when all my ... https://twitter.com/AeonQuiz/status/727904047861272576 … 
I feel so free 
@ppurplehazel She gets to see me wear the same clothes. EVERY SINGLE DAY. I feel like Pablo a lot, don't I? 
@Emilyheinlein_ Yeah I feel perfectly fine now. Think I'm just dehydrated from drinking too much coffee this week tbh 
I feel so naked without my purse. Lawd. 
Sometimes I feel unmotivated and unappreciated by everyone. 
@AndreainYork @h_sharma @TheMockneyRebel @Independent @sheera3333 I feel not, does it 'exist', not many care..no pride anymore.. 
I feel like I need to make this happen just so I can use the word now.  https://twitter.com/WriterAHaughton/status/727918439877070848 … 
@jennadevilbiss @nic_mcadams23 like I feel like you almost enjoy getting fucking roasted it's so easy 
Genuinely cringe at them, I feel bad my parents cooking for me never mind asking a stranger to get me a ducking £100+ gift 
I feel you. https://twitter.com/Patrick_Ness/status/727844988755816449 … 
I feel like I'm already tired tomorrow 
im sure the way i feel i could sleep for a week straight 
@_issaneee lol no I feel it I want blue hair 
when I'm not busy I reply so fast to people I feel like it's wired 
@Bedonie_t haha rip but also apparently was into youngins so I can't feel that bad.  I feel bad for bam. he needs to get clean. 
@morgannjamiee I feel like I've been there forever 
I feel like I should get out of bed and stop watching Greys but #summer 
Ugh I hate break ups man, I feel so fucking lonely. 
Another update: I'm getting a pedicure and I feel bad for this woman because I haven't shaved my legs in like two weeks. 
@pfhobia literally something my ancient dad has said. The only cash i feel comfortable voting for are cash money millionaires 
I feel like I'm committing a crime anytime I walk on the grass 
Man that Pandora ad is my favorite thing on tv. I feel it frfr 
@maaryya_ minus fifteen/i wanna keep you forever cause with you I feel safe and happy.. 
Bruh I feel like I'm getting so old .....life 
how i feel in 90% of conversations pic.twitter.com/UosXsdrnfQ 
@ashfrench_  I feel like my sister is always watching me at all times 
Somehow I feel justice will finally take down the elitist corrupt #clintons @DanScavino @HillaryClinton #Trump2016https://twitter.com/danscavino/status/727959886219317249 … 
I feel like my comments bother some of my Madrid followers,I really suggest you unfollow instead of arguing though. No time for that. 
Your the only one that will ever know how I feel  #Daunteatweet 
I feel so ill recently it's unreal, why do I get ill when I've got things to do. 
@BurgerPatootie //I feel like it..  maybe I should just get off, i don't wanna disturb people 
I feel so happy tonight, just gone 10pm and I ain't even feeling the slightest bit tired, anyone up for an allnighter? 
i wanna cry so bad until i feel okay 
I feel like if I actually see blink-182 in concert I will die 
Our 5 year reunion gone be fun I feel 2011 a close class 
@itsNikkiNina I came here to have a good time and honestly I feel so attacked right now 
Just sent my materials off to @VibeMagazine ! I feel blessed. Check me out at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vduiuw6bA4c … as well! #Thanksfortheopportunity 
@staceystaceyx i feel stupid 
I feel so shitty tday 
Seriously though, first past the post. I feel primitive.... 
@SABTVSeries @AlyKatz13 gosh why January 2017,i feel like crying now 
Awwww well now I feel special  https://twitter.com/ayofiorella_/status/727990861418483712 … 
me: ughhhh I feel like a piece of crap  seth: cuz you are a piece of crap 
I feel bad 
I feel like crying 
I feel that if we had a May The 4th back when the prequels came out this day would not be as glamorous. #MayThe4thBeWithYou #starwars 
precepting a senior capstone student for the next month... i feel like i was just doing that yday. feelin old af 
DAMN IT!! I feel it in my bones, This is Real. 
I feel like ndiyokonwaba wethu eclubini so andizobe ndithe nca kuwe 
finally turned in my last assignment of the semester and i feel like i need something more immediate than my finals on monday to stress over 
I feel like a troll when I drive, rolling through small country towns pounding my stereo with the tint up, everyone is just staring 
i feel like a zombie 
I got trust issues, I feel like all boys want is sex and I'm not bout that 
I feel like a babysitter when I'm with Trevor and Alec.. 
